H0668 -0001 IMT Nuremberg Archives H-668 International Court of JusticeHO668 - n S I Documentbook Horuann Goer. introduced "by Defense Counsel Dr. Otto S tahmer attorney at law.HO668-0003 1 February 1946 Table of contents Exh. Goering Nr. pag 1 General Smuts Letter to Wilson 30 May 1919 1 2 General S.auts Letter to Lloyd George 26 May 1919 L 3 General I.F.C. Fuller The Total Var 9 L Weimar Constitution 13 5 Ne vile Henderson Failure of Mission 15 6 Goering Speech of L December 1944 17 7 i > j ", Versailles Treaty 20 8 Viscount Cecil Article "Revue de Paris” 23 9 Lloyd George Speech of 7Novenber 1927 25 10 Paul Boneour Speech of 8 April 1927 27 11 Lord Rothermere Warnings and Prophecies 29 12 a) Ribbentrop b) Speech of 19 March 1936 Memorandum of the Reich government of 25 May 1935 31 13 Goering Speech of 9 April 1933 314 1 Goering Speech of 26 March 1938 36 15 Goering Speech of 26 Oct. 1935 38 16 Goering Speech of 26 March 1938 Lo 17 Paster Clergyman Jentsch Letter to the Secretary General of the IlT 30 Oct. 1915 L2 18 Goering Speech of 28 Aug. 1933 17 19 Goering Speech of Nov./Dec. 1938 L9 20 Goering Speech, summer 1938 51 21 Goering Telephone conversation of 13 March 1938 51 22 Jari of Halifax Questionnaire of 58 IIHO668 -0004 23 Sir Henderson 2U 26 27 Dr. Lehmann Failure of a Mission 62 memorandum of the Foreign 67 Office to the government of the USSRcof 21 1941 Directives fr the organi- 74 zation of the economy (green folder) of June 1941 Memorandum of the Reich 181; government to the Rrench government of 30 May 1910 affidavit of 21 Febr. 1946 106 IIII HO668 -0005 Exhibit Goering Nr. 1 excerpts from the letter of General Smuts to Cro s ident Wilson of 30 May 1919 (quoted from Berger "The Dictate of Versailles” Essen 1939. p. 94/95H0668 -0006 - 2 - Exhibit Goering No 1 From the Letter written by General Smuts to Presidenf'ilson on May 50. 1919. The German reply to the peace conditions established by us, seems to me to sound a fundamental note, which is the most dangerous one for us, and which we must consider with utmost care. Their basic contention is that we hnve the solemn obligation towards them to conclude a Wilson peace, a peace in accordance with yours 14 points and other principles, announced in 1918. There is no doubt whatsoever in my opinion, that this is so. With the exoptiom of the two reserve ticns made by the Allies before the armistice, we are obliged to conclude a peace within the framework of the four corner-pillars of your points and principles* And all the conditions of the pea.ce treaty, *hich , by their aims and purposes, are opposed to this framework go beyond it, would represent a violation of the agreement. This seems absolutely clear to me, and it is a question of the facts of the case, as to whether there are such conditions. If they do exist, then our position is actually a serious one, at least as I understand it. This war started with a breaking of a solemn, international promise, and it was one of our noblest wer-aims, to protect international right and the sanctity of international obligations. In case the Lilies end the war by foilwing Germany’s example at the start, and face theworld in the s :me manner with a "rep of paper", then our shame will be so great that I shudder when I think of the firl eifect on public opinion. Indeed, we would place on our shoulders a greater wrong then Germany did, on account of everything which happened since August 1914 and because of the terrible light, directed exactly to this point.-3- H0668 -0007 Frankly, I do not beiieve that this is the case, and it seems to me that the Germans produce plausible legal rosons in regard to a number of the conditions. All the onesided conditions, which exclude interchangeability or equality of rights, and all tho needle points with vihich the treaty habounds seem to me to violate the letter and the spirit of your points. I am not able to discover anything in the points and the principles, which could justify for instance the onesided internationalization of German rivers and the absolutely bad and onesided administration, which is ro vided in this regard. Reparations by means of coal delivery cannot cover the agreements, which have been made in connection with the Saarbasin -and its population. I even doubt that the occupation of the Rhcin for 15 years corresgonds with the letter and the spirit of your points and principles, and there .are still many other points, to which I would not wish to refer, but which will without any doubt, be- taken under consideration by your advisers. There will be a terrible disappointment if, the eoples (nations) arrive at the conclusion that we did not conclude a Wilson peace, that we do not keep our promises to the world and that we are not true to the public. If we do So, it ill seem that we would break the fornel agreement, which we have concluded in full consciousness (as I at least believe) and ve shall be covered with the greatest shame, and this peace could very well mean a still greater disaster for the world than was:: the war. Excuse me, that I trouble you with this matter but I believe that it con cerns itself with the root of our entire cause. Yours very truly J.C. Smuts. (: Baker; Woodrow Wilson, volume III, p German translation, v. Ill S 466 ff - D. Baker; Voocrow Wilson, (Berber p. 94, 95 p. 4o2 ff.) I hereby h certify that the document reproduced above is a true copy from the letter of General Sauts to President 1 ilson dated May So, 1919. Nurnberg, February 25, 1946. sgd. Dr. Otto Stahmer Attorney at Lw -and Ntary PublicHO668 - 0008 Exhibit Nr. 2 Excerpt: from the letter of General Smuts to Lloyd George of Nay 26, 1919 (quotod from Borger "The Dictate of Versailles" Essen 1939 0. 87/93)HO668 -0009 P. 1 Exh. Gocring Ir.2 1ro. the Letter of General Smuts to Lloyd George, from Ray 22, 1919. “I would certainly wi.thdrar ro: . th. French and Belgian manufacturers the authority to run around in Curnan plants for the purpose of robbing those of their c.chiner, which they nay doom necessary for their own plants. (Par. 4 of the Lth supple icnt to t e reparation clauses). Such industrial looting vould only oc oxctrccaily harmful end could not be justified in times oi pence as a measure of reprisal for crinus, which had been committed during the war. L. Germany's astern Frontier. I a convinced that we not only turn over the verdict of history with the undu- engrandizc lent of Poland, but also comit a cardinal political error, which will find its revenge within the course of history. The nov Poland will co. prise millions of Germans (and Russians) an territories with a German (and Russian) population or territories, which have been parts of Gornany (or Russia ) for long periods. Vic nay assume with certainty that Germany (as well as Russia) will become great powers again, and that Poland, sand- wiched between thc 1, can only bloom by their good will. I low can we expect under such circumstances that Poland could become anythin else, but a failure, even if she did possess the necessary abilities to govern and adinistrato her self union, as/iistory has proved, sho docs not posscs Even no, as tho conference is in session, the: Poles defy the great povcrs; what then ill happen in the futura, if the great povcrs are divided and ar uu among thc.Golv-s ? I b.licv, arc about to build a house on flying sand, nd in view of this and nucrous other considerations, I would subject the fi-ontiors of Poland,- as they havo been fixed to porarily by the peace treaty, to a revision, - leave Upper Silesia and all genuine German terri tories to Germany, narrov the borders of the free city of Danzig,H0668-0010 and leave ther under the sovereignty of Gormanr with an adinistration, subordinat to the League of Nations, instead of placing ther under the sovercignty of Poland, as We sug gostod it. I think that the long occu pation of the Rhin. and the . -ore extensive ongrandizcnont of Poland, as it vras planned during the wor, oro the two cardinal errors of the peace treaty. Both of thcso nistals represent a great danger to the further peace of Europe, and I insist upon it that cvcry moans should be applied, to clirinnto them before it is too la to. It is not too late y„t, there is no doubt that the German delegates aru about to resist strongly and vrill, purhaps,nalto the signing of the pcccu treaty subject to the r vision of thcir eastern j.rentiers in Silesia, East- and - west Prussia, I vrould advise that VO consider oxtrencly cram, fall and corresponding to its i portancc all the pros and cons of this nattor, pursued by then (the Gerans). 6. The nilibary and airplane clausos. Accordin. to 1y opinion, wo are doing vrong in reducing Gormnany’s Army to a u2cinun strength of 100.000 non: I hold that such an armed force is absolutely inadsq.ua ts.ear tile necessary police and defense purposes, for such a big population in such a state of internal fomentation and vrith frontiers and neighbors such as Corcny has then. Wo are forced to keep in rondynoss • or t. an 10C •000 men to keep up and maintain order in Ireland during tac last pcriod of the '.rar, and Gorany’s situation is much nor. sorious. [o should be willing to listen to the objections, which vill be raisod by the German dologatcs in this matter. I also belicv- it vrong to rob Curany entirely of her tanks and cir- planus. Thoso things hnve grom bo form a part of the equipment of a vroll organized ar 7, and Tro should bo readyHO668 -00 to let her have the necessary quota of tanks and airplanes for her small erny. Tile sanc gocs for the air-craft and naval planes vrhich are needed for her reduced fleet. There is a decree that all the hangars for airplancs vithin a distance of 150 kilowtors of the Enstcrn, TTostorn and Southern borders of Gcruany shall 0 destroyed This is boy far too drastic and actually unnecessary, if not unfeasible. The peace treaty abounds in sinilor pin pricks, which only ro- rosent the moods of subordinate officials, and this should not appeal'’ in thc poocotrcaty in its final version. 7. Int rationcl Rivers and Railroads. Thilst the internationalization of Gornan’s rivers and rail-roads, which provides exits .'.’or the ncr States, seems to be a the rugl y sound priciplo, the ad inistnet ion, provided for those river and rail roads, appearos as entirely out of the question. Those rivers should be adinistratoc by co. ittoos, 7rhich should include a small minority of Ger: .an representatives, and this should apply even to those r vers, which are exclusively German. 8. Pin-pricks. As I air end - cmphasizud, the treaty is full of s.n11 and rclativly,uninpor- tant toris, which do not serve any useful purpose, but must hurt and injure unnccos sarily the feelings of a beaten enemy. Even if one fornulntos the pcCcc in such a harsh and severe manner, as Ge nany deserves it according to the method of her warfare, we should endeavor to cliinatc all traces of petty chicaner*/ and ill will, whi.ch can not serve such a great cause as ours, nor further the interests of future good will and future poac.. I am for a drastic revision of all such pin -pricks; they mainly refer to the tr at lent of German subjects and German- 8 - HO668 — 0012 P oporty end Gor. cn right. But one may find then in almost cvory paragraph of the peace trcaty. I an not only torriod that the Ger. an sign a fair and good peace treaty, but also that they, for the sake of the future, to use this ter;?., are not forcod at the point of boyonot to sign it. It should be nedo ipossiblo for tho Goran pcoplo to discredit the treaty orally later on. And for this rocson I docn it irporbant that tro bring the Gor san dolegatos over to our slue to such an extent that vre listen to vhat they have to say; that '.to Sive thc. cvor3 possiblo cxplanction and that in all cases vhere our clains ronllJ c n not bo maintainod, wo should oq rcady to accent changes or compromises,. (S. Ray Stannard Dakor: Woodrotr Wison and WTorLs Settle-lent. London 1923, Vol.III, p.158 ff. - D. Ray Stannard Laker: oodrov ilson. icoirnd Docvnts,Ciuthbnizd Grienir. tnsIation- by Cut, Thesing. Lcipzi .0.3, Voi.in, p.395) (Tron 'Berber, "Das Diktat von Versailles Essen 1939, PP.87 - 93) I horcvith certify that the docu nt reroducod above is a true ccv ro the letter of tenoral Snuts to Lloyd George dated 22 Lay 1919 (Quoted fron Berber, "Das Diktat von Versailles'’, Essen 1939, pp. 87 - 93). Nuornber6, 25 February 1946, sipnod Dr. Sichor (Dr. Otto Stahner) Defense Counsel and Notary Public.Exhibit Goering Nr. 3 Excerpt: General I.F.C. Fuller "Total War" article in "array Ordonance" Nr. 99 (USA) extract (quoted from "Defense Spirit Abroad" 13th year, issued 2, Febr. 1937).- 10 - 0014 Exhibit Geering Ik. 3 Defense Thoughts of foreign countries. 13 year, vcl. 2, Febru-ry 1937 Tctalrfare the danger, which exists for collective security by a papid 7tt^ck y By General J.F.C. Fuller (England) (irmy Ordnance”, Nr. 99 USE) Excerpt. The German Reich was even forced into a true ’’Despotism of poverty. This, together with the Ruhr invasion - the corner stone of mischief - ina- viidably lend to a complete surpressicn of liberty. in Germany man, woman and child had only the liberty left - to starve -, together with the finan cial breakdown, a moral breakdown cccurod. The result was that authority in its entire extent was taken over completely by the State. But the burc- cracy did not understand to use its power and for that reason cleared the road for Hitler, ' hen he came to power, he was an impersonation of the renaissance thought, which had slumbered during ten years within the heart of every g'cd German. It was exactly as Carlyle vrste, almost a hundred years ago; ""That he says eveybcdy is going to say, or would like to say it. 11 spirit are lifted up like awakened from a mgic slumber by his thoughts. 11 ans- wer with a glad "yes”. Hitler was Gormsnyls speaker. .11 circu st necs helped to makde him the men of the hour; the missary of his fellow citizens and the hope, which he impersonated; the economical breakdown and the energy, which is necessary for reconstruction; even all studies, which he did not have, acte favorably, for this gave him independence - fr./ anticusted systems and teachings, and. directed his progressive spirit to the future. Hitler had lived through the war in his receptive years of youth . He had learned to know but the ugly side of war and its destruction.HO668 -00 5 - 11 - ilitar*lly- In this case all terrors of a long war and all evil consequences "ould have been avoided. aS a witness of the destruction of his fatherland, he resognized that everybody conitted a sin towards Gemany, who would not try everything, to stop a repeation of such a catastrophy. li one understands thi ; mental orientation, Hitler's action appeared onl7 logical. If the salvation of the fatherland is recognized as the highest moral luty, the result is that all actions pertaining to this, are justified, hat did Hitler do? He started to re-establish the unity, dignity and disciplir of the people. He decided to create a selfsufficient Nation and to protect it by a molern Armed Force. it is nonsens, to state that he wanted war. A war could not bring him the renaissance of the Mation. hat he needed was a honorable and secured peace. But as he was a realist as well as an idealist, and as he comprehended that a war is nothing improbable in time, the only thing he was affraid o f was not the war in itself, but a war like the last one. Hitler did not believe, as larx did, th .t man is lead by material needs. He recognized that now-a-days the main impuls is a strong national e feeling and that man Glasly is willin, sacrifice life and liberty for it. Hitler aimed at unity by creating his Totalitarian State. He felt that a new spirit was needed. ithout reestablishing national dignity this could not be achieved. Therefore he tore up the Versailles treaty, He also recog nized th t the unity could not be reached without discipline of the whole n tion. Therefore ho regulated the whole German daily life and introduced compulsory military service. He further saw th t self sufficiency is the basis of modern war-fare5 therefore he aimed at economic independence.HO668-0016 - 12 - Finally he recognized that this new structure would have been built on sand only, without the protection of a strong Armed Force. Hitler never believed that everything could be achieved by force, but he is convinced that in our violent times everything has to be founded on might. As he feared a repetition of a war in the way of the last one, it was impossible for him to go hand in hand with those states forming the League of Nations. The reason was not only that these states wanted to adhere to the Versailles treaty, but that they refused to wage a war, to be conducted with "Sientific Weapons". Therefore they wished that the next war should be conducted in the manner of the last war, which ha 1 destroyed Germany. That this is correct can be gqen olesrly not only from the economic sanctions, provided in the Statut of the League of Nations, which would only be effective during a long war, but also from all disarmament co feren- ces held since 1919. The democratic powers have tried here again and again to restrict the so-called attack wepons, so that the next war could be prolonged . Sowjet kussia has given her support in this matter, because the communist dictators know very well, that a future, long war must end with the bolshevisation of Europe. I herwith certify that the document reproduced above is a true copy from the essay "Total Wori from General J.F.C.Fulle- (Quoted from "Defense Thoughts of Forcign Countries", 13th year, Vol. 2) Nuernberg, 26 February 1946 signed? Dr Ctto Stahmer Attorney- tlaw and notary.H0668 - Exhibit Goering Nr. 4 excerpts from The Constituation of the German Reich (Weima r Constituation) of 11 Aug. 1919 a rt. 118, 124, 125. 15HO668 -0018 Exh, Goering No.. From, the Ik Liar Constibution Article 118. Evory Goran has the right, vithin the linits of the general Lavrs to caress his opinions freely in speech writing, print picture for.,, or in any other nanner. No labor or cployurolationship uust restrict this right, nobody is porittod to discrninato against him if he us.s this riglt. 1o censorship is alloved, but in tl.o case of movin , pictures dc-iations frol this law nay bo established U, law. In fightin, porno graphic and trashy literature as vroll as for tho protection of the youth at public spectacles and performances, legal measures are ad. .-.is sable. rticlc12l All Gerts havo the right, to form clubs and societies for purposes, not controry criinc1 Law. This right can-not be restricted by preventive measures. The son provisions apply to religious clubs and societies. Every association nay become incorporated in accordance with re .ulations of the civil lav.-. This can-not bo Cunicd to any club for reason'of the club's Pursuoing political, social political or religious ais. Lrticlo 125'. Free elections and thc secret ballot are guaranteed. me olcctioncl lavra shall dobcr inc the details. I horowith cortily taat the ocunont reproduced abov., is a true copy Crol the Tci ar Constitution. Nuornbor , To ruam 25,1946. si ned Dr. Otto Stahmr. Attorn-y-t - Lu andN otary Public.HO66«-0019 Exhibit Goering Nr. 5 excerpts from the book by: Sir Kevil Henderson "Failure of a Mission" London 1940 (page 25) 15- 16 - HO668 -0020 Exhibit Gccring N: 5 It w.uld bo quite wreng not tc realize thot a great number of people whc fcllcwed Hitler arid the Nazi regime and worked for them, won hcnest idealists, whose cny reject was to serve Germany, to i prove the masses of their people and to contribute tc their hap incss. 1c. is possible that Hitler himself was such an idealist in the beginning. Later on, he undoubtedly used this idealism as a pretext to justify the continued exis- tence of the regime and its leaf ‘S, But there worc others who remained faithful to their principles, n‘ I left Germany with feelings of high estecm for men liku Dr, Guertnor, the minister of .Justice, Count Schwcrin- Krcssigk, the linister of Fin nee, Dr. Lammers, the Chief of the Reich Chancellery, as well as for many others in different branches of German public life. Cf all qualities of the German raco its organizational ability is singular, and Germany cvnos much t:ho astonishing organizational abili ties of men like Fioldmarshal Goering, Dr. Frick, llinistor of the Interior, Dr. Todt, the director for rrad nd building c nstructicn. Nr. Hiorl, the leader of thu Reich labor service .md likowiso the soldiers, sailors and aviators who built up the machine and helped. Germany t: regain its present ndewcrthy position. loot of us would h ve been proud t do for -ur own country what these and other men did for theirs. Cne should not bine the machine but the purposes for which it was employed ond the spirit which was bchind it. I herewith certify that the above repreducted document is a true copy from the book by Sir N- vile Henderson "Failure of a hission", London 1940. Nuernberg 21 Februcry 1946. (signed) Dr. Stahmer (Dr. ehto Stahmer) Defense Counsel17 excerpts from the speech ; "Of the benefits of the Folk Community" to the Winter Relief in the K rupp Works in Essen 4 Dec. 1934 (quoted from Hermann Goering "speeches a nd essa ys" Munich 1938 page 174-176) excerpts from this book have a Ires, dy been presented through the prosecution under the number PS 34 41 and PS 346 o)• a +370022 Exhibit Geering Nc 6 Fron the speech: "Cf the blessings of an Ethnic Community" occasioned by the : 'lnter-~..ir-Crganizdticn , delivered in the Krupp Torks in Essen cn 4. December,1924. P. 174 )para.3) P. 176 (para.l) and look, we have always been told repcachfully: yes, this mili tarism, this war mongery. No, and a nation withcut honor and defense is also without peace, and if an English statesman declared a few days ago that an unarmed, defenseless nation provoked unrest he may consider t the same time, please, that what ever holds true for England holds also true for Germany. ' e, too, are of the opinion, that a nation with out honor and defense has lost its peace at the same time. e have felt it on cur own body. We have felt what it means to be without domestic rand foreign peace. Today, we want to secure this pe.ee and we want the world to understand that, time and time again: only a Germany with honor guarantees world peace. Cnly a free German nation will keep this peace and will know how to preserve this peace. Therefore, we demand for us the same rights as possessed by the others. But for this reason we know, too, that other nations as well will find the hour for a true understanding which is lwnys possible only between equal and equally partners, never, though, between the strong and the weal Page 175 (16the line- from below) If the grent white nations will not find a way to get together, they may bear in mind that they are moving towards a twilight of the gods. The white man cannot become a slave. The white man is destined to lead the ■world.-19- H0668 -00 23 and n3y the white nati:ns keep this in nind. Cne must n't exclude the mest gifted ndn:st in ustricus pocple, it just w:n‘t wcrk, it is against nature, we have reared up against it and we shall resist it t* cur last bra th. Tc d: nct want eny wor, but we want our h:ner. To de not discuss this henc. with anyb:dy in this vorld, thet is a fact, for it is the f:undnticn fer the reconstruction of the entire nation.Only he who has a sharp sword at H side has restandpeace. • It is not true that this prcvckos war, N- if me is defenseless, it nay provoke others, to attack and to rob him. But if he kncws h:u t. defend himself, his pence will be secure, too, and thus the peace of the whole world. Frem Hermann Geering, "Spoeches and Essays" Munich ,1938 ,Pp. 174-176. I hereby certify that the ebeve reproduced ’ d: cumont is a true copy fr.m the speech: "Cf the Bl s sings of an Ethnic Gemnunityit occasioned by the Tintur-id-Crgnnizsticn, delivered in/che Krupp VTerks in Essen on 4 Doc er.be r ,1934. Nuernberg, 25 February 1946 (signed) Dt. Stahmor Defense CounselH0668 -0024 2 o Exhibit Goering Nr. 7 excerpt from the Pea ce Treaty of Versailles of 28 June 1919 a rticle 8 a nd prea mbel to pa rt V (before a rticle 159) (Reichsges etzblatt 1919 p. 687 ff 723, 919.)-21- H0668 - Excer.t from tdo Peace Tre: ty of Versailles of 28 June,1919. Page 21 Exhibit Goering Nr. 7 3. The members of the Leaguc profess the principle that the mnin- tenance of pence requires a Cecresse of national armaments to a minimum which is compatible vith national security and with the enforcement of international obligations by joint actions. The Council will draw up the plans for disarmament under conside ration of the geograghica l loc: tion .and the articular conditions of each state Cand will submit then to the various governments for examina- tion and decision. Every ton years,these plans are to be subjected to a reexamination and possibly a revision. The limits of armaments decided upon in such a manner must not be exceeded without the consent of the Council after their a cceptance by tue various governments. In consideration of the grave misgivings against the private pro- or duction of ammunition milita ry equipment, the members of the League order to the Council to devise means forestall the bad consequences resulting from it, and to do so under consideration of the requircments of the League members who are not in a position to manufacture themselves the quantities of ammunition and military equipment re uired for their security. to The League members take it upon themselves furnish each other in the frankest and most exhaustive manner any information about the state of their arm: ments, their army, navy and avit tion programs and the si tuation of those industries which can be converted for war purposes.-0026 Part V, Regulations cQr g the Ground, Naval and Air Forces in order to render possible a general limitation of Ue armamerbs of all nations,Germany agrees to comply strictly with the reguleons for the ground, naval and air forces as set forth: (Article 159) (From the Peace Treaty of Versailles of 28 June,1919; Article 8 and preamble to part V (preceding Article 159) (Reichsgesetzblatt 1919, p. 687 ff. (723, 919) I hereby certify, that the above reproduced document is a true copy from the Peace Treaty of Versailles of 28 June, 1919, Article 8 and Preamble to Part V (Reichsgesetzblatt 1919, p. 687 ff. (723, 919). Nurnberg, 25 February, 1946, (signed) Dr. Stahmer (Dr. Otto Stahmer) Defense Counsel and Notary Publi - 22 -23 HO668 - 0027 1 Exhibit Goering No 8 From: 2 articles by Viscount Cecil in the ”Revue de Paris” of 1 March, 1924 and 18 November, 1926 (quoted from: Karl Schilling, "Der Ver- sailler Vertrag und die Abruestung"- "The Treaty of Versailles and tie Dis armament’'-, Berlin and Bonn, 1933, pp. 61, 62)H0668-0028 24 Exhibit Goering Nr. 8 Excerpt from 2 Articles of Viscount Cecil in the "Revue de Paris" of 1 Merch 1924 end 18 November, 1926. Viscount Cecil, who at the same time wes a member of the pence conference has stated twice his opinion on this question in the "Revue de Paris" of 1 Merch,1924 and 18 November, 1926. Both times he affirmed that the allied as well as the associated powers are obliged to disarm. In the "Revue de Paris" he states: "This preamble contains an agreement; it is a solemn promise on the part of the governments to the democraties of all the nations, which have signed the peace treaties." (From: Karl Schilling "The Treaty of Versailles and the Disarmament", Berlin and Bonn ,1939 pp. 61,62.) I herewith certify that the above reproduced document is a true copy from two articles by Viscount Cecil in the "Revue de Paris" of 1 March,1924 and 18 November,1926 (quoted from: Karl Schilling: "The Treaty of Versailles and the Disarmament", Berlin and Bonn,1933, pp. 61, 62.) Nuernberg, 25. February, 1946. (sgd.) Dr. Stehmer (Dr. Ott o St ehme r) Defense Counsel.HO668 -0029 Exhibit Goering No 9 From the speech of David Lloyd George on 7 November> 1927 in London (quoted from: "‘Gedanken eines Staats- mannes"- ‘’Thoughts of a Statesman 1 ’-, German Edition, Berlin 1929, po143)H0668-0030 \ -26- p,26 Exh. Goering Nr. 9 From the speech of David Lloyd George delivered on J November,1927 in London, The former British miinistor president David Lloyd George expressed a similar opinion. In his speech at the Aldhrich Club in London on 7 November, 1921 he called the memorandum to the skeleton note of 16 June, 1919 a ’’document vhich vro handed Germany as a solernpledge on the part of Britain, France, Italy, Belgium, and 2o other nations to follow Germany's example after she vras disarmed." (From: "Thoughts of a Statesman", German edition, Berlin, 1929, p.13) I herevith certify that the above reproduced document is a true copy from the speech of David Lloyd George, delivered on 7 lovenbor,1927 in London (quoted from: "Thoughts of a Statestman”, German edition, Berlin, 1929, p.103.) Nuernberg, 25 Fc'ruary, 1946. (sgd.) Dr. Stahmer (Dr. Otto S tah cr) Defense Counsel and Notary Public.HO668 -0031 Exhibit Goering No 10 From the speech of Paul B o n c o u r on April 8, 1927 at the preperatory Disarmament Commission in charge of preparations, (quoted from: Karl Schilling, "Der Ver- saillor Vertrag und die Abruestizg"- "The Treaty of Versailles and the Dis armament %- Berlin and Bonn, 1933, p,57) - 27 -HO668 -0032 - 28 - p.23. Exh. Gocring Nr.10 From the speech of Paul Boneour, delivered at the meeting- o f the Preparatory Disarmaiuont Commission on 8 April ,1927» Paul Bone our, France’s expert on all disernanont questions on 8 April, 1927 at the meeting of the Preparatory Disernanent Co. mission: "It is correct that the intr eduction to part V of the Ircaty of Versailles concerns the limitation of armaments, vhich vas imposed on Gcrany as a proroquisco and as the forerunner of a general liitation oi arunncnts. This brings out very clearly the diff-ronco botrocn the aruannt restrictions of Ger. any and other siiler armament restrictions, which in the course of history have bocn iposod after the conclusion of wars. This time these regulations, - and in this lies their entire value - have been imposed not only on one of the signatories to the trct, but they ar- rather a duty,a moral and lejnl -responsibility for the other signatories to proceed mi th a gonral limitation of ar--nts.I (From: Schilling, "The Treaty of V-rsaillos and the Disarmament", Berlin and Bonn 1933, p.57.) - heroith certify that the Oovo reproduced docuunt is a true copy from the speech of Paul Boncour, delivered on 8 April pop 7 at the meeting of the Preparatory Disarnnunt Commission (quoted from; Kahl] Schilling, Toety of Verscillcs and the Disarmament", Berlin and Bonn 1933, p.57.) Nuernberg, 25. Pabruary,1916. (sgd.) Dr. Stalmcr (Dr. Otto Stalmcr) Defense Counsel and lotary PublicHO668 - 0033 Exhibit Goering Nr. 11 Fzom Lord Rothermere; "Warnungen und Prophezeiungen"- "arnings and prophecies Z u e r i c h 1939, pp. 100, 101 - 29 -0034 30 Exhibit Gocring Nr. 11 Cermany w CS justified in feeling thet she hed boen betrayed in Versailles. Under the pretext that it would be the first stop towards a dseruenont of the world she had been disarmed by force. Great Britain, however, had been deceived as well. She actually disarmed for 15 years. e But Frenoo he. from the very day, on whiehFbProue pecoe treaties had been sdaned, enccurcgod e lot of mail Mate. to rearm vigorously. The rosalt was, that Gernany five years after Verscallos «. encircled by a eti etron. ger ring of iron then sho had been five years before the world war. It was unavoidable, that a German regime repudiating the dictate of Versailles would Etna heavily at the first opportunity. It was clear that it weapon, would have to be directed cgeinet the V.r«m„ powers, - diplomatically if not in the true sctls. of the word, meh thi. .Ituation In mind one could only regard the Britien School of "BGarrzemart Pncarists . t a. some sort of. suicide club of the people, at loret, thie ke tho we, r saw it. (From i^otncnne-rG; ?rrnin fe s rnd Prophesies/' Zurich 1939, pp . 100, 101.) I herewith certify that the above reproduced document is e truo copy from Lord Rothermaro, •Warning, and Prophesicg", zur:oh 1939. Nuernberg, 25. Februnry,1926. (sed.) Dr. Stehmer (Dr • Otto St chmer) Defense Counsel.31 HO668 -0035 Eiibit Gocring Nr . 12 a) Fro a speech of v. Riubentrop before the Lcsgue of Nations on 19 M-rch, 1936 (Documente der ueutschen Po.itik, Band IV, 6, Aufluge Be lin 1.939, Scite 119 Docuaente on Geruan Policy, Volume IV, Third Edition, Borlin,1.939, page 119) b) Fro the "Mnorandun der Rcichsregierung an die Locarnomaechte"- Memorandum of the Reich Cabinet to the Locarno - Powers"- of 25 Muy, 1935 (quoted from Berber: "Das Diktat of Versailles” - "The Dictate of Versailles -Essen, 1939, pages 373.374,375)HO668 -0036 32 Exhibit Gc ring Nc 12. 1) Ethcugh by the Treaty of Lccarnc a guaranty fcr the protection of the French Eastern border which was later even strengthened by Germany’s partidpaticn in the Fellow-Pact, had been created, Franco started negotations with Soviet Russia, concerning a military pact of assistance which was absolutely incompatible with the legal situation as created by the Treaty of Locarno. Cn 2 may, 1936, a Franco-Soviet Russian pact of assistance was signed and already in a note of 25 Lay 1935, tie • German government lodged a protest against the incompatibility of this pact with the Treaty of Locarno. The wording of this provision shows that before taking an action they wished to base on rticle 15 of the Statute of the League of Nations, the two par ties to the treaty would first apply to the League of Nations Council, but that they are determined to comply with the obligations to give assistance ns agreed upon even in case arccmmendaticn of the Council to this effect or a unanimcus Council decision should nct be arrived at. This can find no other interpretation than France’s claim to the liberty of taking military msasu- res gninst Germeny on the basis of rticle 15 of the Statute of the League of Nations in case of a conflict between Geruony nd the USSR even in the in stance where she (Frence) in dcin so, could not refer* to a recommend t ion or a different decision of the League of Nations Council. Evidently, this should apply after Germany1s withdrawal from the League of Nations even in case an invitation to Germany to be decided upon by the League of Nations Council according to ..rticle 17, paragraph 1 of the Statute, was not arrived at all. In the opinion of the German go verrmant such a mulibary action ini- tisted under such circur stances, would be incompatible vi.th rticle 16 of the Statute of the League of Nations and therefore represents flagrant vio lation of the Rhein Tro ty of Locarno. . b) von From Ribbei.tr op’s speech bef~ re t he le ague, of ITat:irns_ n 19 1 'arch, 1936. But io is also clear that if a vorld power (translator’s note: the o rig in alHO668 -0037 speaks f ‘Grossmacht’ meaning big power) like Franco by virtue of her sovereignty can decide upon concluding military alliances of such vast pro portions with ut h ving misgivings on account of existing treaties, mother to world power like Germeny has at least the right safeguard the protection of the entire Reich territory by re-establishing within her own borders the n tural rights of a sovereign pcuor which are granted all peoples. Documents of German Policy, page 144 I hereby certify that the above presented document is a true copy frem the liencrandun of the Reich Cabinet to the Locarno-Powers of 25 May 1935. Nuernberg, 25 February 1946, (signed) Dr. Stahmer • (Dr. Cttc Stahmer) ttcrney at Laew and Notary Public.H0668 -0038 Jxhibit Gee ring Nc 13 Frcm the speech at the Sprtpalast, Berlin, cn 9 ipril, 1933: TNaticnalismus und Sczialismus"- INaticnalism end Sccialism’ - (quoted frcm Hermann Geering: "Reden und luaetze", - "Speeches and articles", - Munich 1938, pp. L3 ff.) (Excerpts frcm this beck have already- been submitted by the prcsecuticn under Nc PS 3441 and PS 4360) 1/37- 35 - HO668 -0039 Exhibit Nr. 13 From the speech at the Sp^rtpalast, Berlin, on 9 April 1933, Nationalism and Socialism. P.43/44 Volksgencssen (compatriots), on the other hand, however, we also want to be generous. "e de not wish to practice petty re venge. After all, we are the victors. Therefore, let us be gene rous, let us realize that we, too, thought differently at one time and then let us be grateful to those who have led us to this glorious goal. And the more we ourselves are National Socialists; the stronger and freer we feel ourselves as such, the more gene rously, the more freely are we able to overlock what belongs to the past and really sincerly extand our hand in reconciliation. On the other hand, however, there where crimes actually were com mitted against the people just retaliation must take place with out pity. For this is the first requisite for being forgiving to ward others. The big ones have to be taken care of, not the small ones. (From: Hermann Goering: ’’Reden und huf- saotze" - ’’Speeches and Articles"- Munich 1938.) I hereby certify that the above-presented document is a true copy from the speech at the Spercpulast, Berlin, on 0 April, 1933: ’’Nationalism and Socialism” (quoted from Hermann Goering: ‘Reen and Articles"- Munich, 1938, pages 43 and following). Nuernberg, 25, February 1946. (signed) Dr, Stahmer. (Dr. Otto Stahmer) Attorney at Law and Notary Publi}Z 36 H0668 -0040 qi." Exhibit Geering No 14 rom the speech: "Aufbeu der deutschen Ostmark" - "Reconstruction of the German Ostmark"- at the People’s Meeting in Vienna on 26 March, 1938 (Quoted from Hermann Goering: "Reden und Aufsaetze"- "Speeches and articles"- Munich 1938, p. 351, 3 rd para.) Excerpts from tis book have already been submitted by the prosecution under Nos. PS 3441 and PS 3460)HO668 -004 Exhibit Groring Nc 14. Fr:mthe speech: 11 Ufb?u der dcutsc. onCstmark’ (’’2uc:nstructi:n cfthe erman Cstmark") at the Pocplo's l'ecting ("Vclkskundgcbung") in Vienna cn 26 Inrch 1938» F. 351: (3rd paragraph): you very Ncw I alsr want to tell s:mothing s ricus: I have just emphasized hew wenderful w..s ycur rovoluticn, cr better, how winderful was ycur li- boraticn. You were great in suffering and enduring, ycu were grut in standing firmly, you were great in fighting. Nov; show that you are also groat in kind- no ss and especially so toward thm ny wh: had been misled. (Hermann Goering:"Reden und ufsactze" - "Speeches and rticles" -, Munich, 1938, p. 351, 3rd paragraph.) I hereby certify that the above presented d:cumeno is a true copy from the speech " ufau der deut schon Cstmark" - "Reccmst ruction of the German Cstmark" - at th; peoples meeting in Vienna on 25 March, 1938. Nuernberg. 25 Februory, 19 S • (signed) Dr. Stahmer (Dr Ct to Stahmer) tt rncy- ■ t-ja: and N tary Public,38 H0668 - 0042 Exhibit Goering No 15 From the speech of Hermann Goering: "Partei und Staat"- "Party and State"-, on 26 October, 1935 (quoted from Hermann Goering: ”Reden und Aufsaetze"- "Speeches and Articles", Munich 1938, p. 213) (Excerpts from this book have already been submitted by the prosecution under Nos. PS 3441 and PS 3460). • 27Exhibit Goering No 15 From the speech: "Partei und Staat" "(Party and State") at the Silesian Gautag (Gau Pally) on 26 October 1955. P. 213: The Church can be sure of one thing: If it will put up with National Socialism, we shall be able calmly to put up with it. Itis up to the Church alone whether it wishes to have peace. Te, the Seweguang (translator’s note: meant is the National Socialist movement) end above all the government and State have never attacked the Church, we have promised the Church protection ' and the Church knows that she really possesses this protection today to the fullest extent. Therefore, this is not a meteor about which cay kind of reproach to us may be made. 3awtokue nd state want a religious people and, therefore, we do not wish and do net seek a fight -+h the confessions. (Hermern Goering: "Rsden und Aufsaetze"- "Speeches and Aricles"- Munich, 1938) hereby certify chat the ebovo-p=ossutd document s a true copy e-cn the sppooh "Prto: ae Bean - "Party cac Stato" - at •$ Geutee on 28 ootober, 1935 (q ucted Erem Heriticain Goarng: "gedon and aucaetzo - and Articles" Munich, 1938, p. 213. (signed) Er- 3hahmer (Di O'to Stel. 30 -) Attorney-at-Lew and Nstazy Public. Nuernberg, 25 Februa ry 1946, - 39 -4^ -0044 Exhibit Goering No 16 From the speech: "Aufbau der deutschen Ostnerk"- ■’Reconstruction of the German East provinces”-, at the People's Meeting in Vienna fn 26 March, 1938 (Quoted from Hermann Goering: ’’Reden und Aufsaetze"- ’’Speeches and Articles"- Munich, 1938, p. 349, 3rd para.) (Excerpts from this book have already been suomitted by the prosecution under Nos. PS 3441 and PS 3460).- 41 - HO668 -0045 Exhibit Goering No 16 From the speech: "Aufbau der deutschen Ostmark" ('Reconstruction of the German Ostmark") at the People’s Meeting ("Volkskundgebung") in Vienna on March, 1938. P. 349: We -do not wish to destroy any Church and we do not wish to abolish any belief or religion. All we want, is to bring about a clear separation. The Church has its definite, very important and very necessary tasks and the State and the "Bevegung" (Translator’s note: meaning the National Socialist movement) have other, just as important and just as decisive tasks. If each one sticks strictly to its tasks, nothing will happen. In Germany, we did not prohibit the Catholic Church, in any way, but we did away with the "entrumsporte" ("Center Forty") end the priosts engeging in polatios. We hovo never been against the Church and certainly not against religion, although we National Socialists cannot be looked upon as confessionslly bound by e Churnh. (Hermann Goerng: "Reden und Aufsaetze" -’’Speeches and Articles"-, Munich, 1938, p. 349). I hereby certify thet the ebote-presentod document is a true copy From the speech: "aufonu der deutschen Osemarke" . "Rachnstruotion of the Gormnon Art Fovncos" . H the Psople’e an vaenne on 26 Haroh, 1938 from Hamann Goering: “Sedan und Aufenetze" . “Speeches and At1c105» Munich, 1938,' p. 349). Nurnoerg, 25 February 1946. ,2.. n " ) signed) Dr Stahmer (Dr. Otto Stahmer) Attorney-at-La%v and Notary Public.42 0046 Exhibit Goering No 17 Letter of the Lic.theol. Evangelical Pastor Werner J ent s c h dated 30 October, 1945 to the General Secretary of KIT, (Original is in the General Secretary’s possession)Exh* Goering No. 17 Letter of Werner Jentsch Lie* theol. (protestant minister) dated 30 October 1945 German Headquarters to the Secretary General of the I M T Rimini-iramar, Camp L Oct. 30th 1945 Prompted by the proclamation of the International Military Tribunal in. Nuernberg to give evidence as a witness in connection with the trials of the war criminals I am taking the liberty to inform you about the following: On July 16, 1945 I made an extensive written declaration on behalf of some members of my previous congregation in Berlin through the proper channels, namely the British chaplain in the 21rst British tank brigade, the Reverend C.E.B. C r a n f i e l d. To honor truth and out of ry responsibility as a minister I felt compelled to do so. From September 1939 until April 1943 I wras the protestant garrison chaplain for the units of the air forces in Berlin. The declaration concerns the previous Reich-marshal Hermann Goering and his vrife Emmi Goering, the Oberreichskriegsanvralt (Attorney General of the Armed Forces), Judge of the General Staff Dr. juris Kraell, Irs. Eva von Schroeder (of the previous Reich management of the N.S.V.) and the ministerial councillor Dr. juris Leonhard Bottger of the ministerial-office of the Reich-marshal. Knowins as yet only that the declaration has been passed on to tE British War Off ice in London, I want to emphasize again my -willingness to testify in court in regard to this declaration, if desired. signed: Ferner Jentsch Deel a rat ion Prompted by the announcement over the radio concerning the current trial of the family Goering , I, the undersigned sergeant (medical corps) VTerner Jentsch, at present Protestant garrison chaplain in the German Prisoner of Var Hospital Abano Terne (Italy), take the liberty of stating the following to the best of my knowledge and consciences From Septenber 1939 until my induction into the armed forces in April 1943, I was part time Protestant post chaplain for the units of the German air Forces in Berlin, "y main task in this office was the simple preaching of the Gospel and looking after the spiritual needs of the soldiers Through this work, I also became acquainted 'with Nrs, Goering,H0668 -0048 who as the wife of the Reich ‘arshal belonged to my parish. Although i"y talks with Mrs. Goering wrere only of relative importance, certain of her actions and words appear to me so important that I must, to ease my conscience, no longer hesitate to communicate them to the Allied authorities insofar as by doing so the secret of confession will not be violated. It.is not the task of a pastor to give a legal opinion. My statements are, therefore, not intended to excuse what cannot be excused, but, rather, they arc meant to facilitate a better understanding which, by passing over the facts in silence, might be rendered more difficult. Mrs Goering has many times shovmn the fullest understanding for the cause of Christianity and has, as far as was in her power, courageously and emphatically used her influence for that cause in an environment which fought it widely or at least displayed a critical attitude toward it. May 1 among other facts point out the following: 1, At a time when most government and party offices would no longer re ceive representatives of the churches, she had the courage to grant me, as a clergyman, permission on three occasions to report on serious troubles and needs of th. church. I was allowed to speak frankly - for instePce on the subj- cts of total prohibition of printing Christian books and of the increasing de-Christianization of the radio. In the same friendly manner she replied to several of my written requests or passed them on with a word of recommendation, 2, For years no representatives of either the protestant or the catholic church had been received by Adolf Hitler and the leading Reich linisters; she interceded personally with the Reich Marshal on behalf of protestant priests for a reception. 3. At the outbreak of war Krs. Goering tried to effect the establishment of Christian soldiers’ homes which the Protestant association of Young Men (Jungmaennerwerk) of Germany -wanted to build, as was done in the last world war.H0668 - L• She was prepared to recommend to Herman Goering a detailed memorandum about the establishmont of a fulltime Protestant and Catholic chaplain’s office in all Air Force Hospitals at the front and at home. She definitely had a motherly heart which did not think of material things only but always of the spiritual welfare of her husband's soldiers. 5. She intervened through her husband on behalf of a man who refused to do military service for religious reasons and was therefore sentenced to death. 6. By her cooperation was made possible the liberation from a concentration camp of both sons of two confessional ministers from Stettin ( D. Rendtorff and P. Reichmuth), 7. Every Easter Frau Goering had about 75 photographs of herself, her husband and her child, with her own and her husband’s personal signatures, distributed to my candidates for confirmation (children of soldiers and officers of the Luftwaffe in Berlin) and had best wishes for their con firmation expressed to them. It should be noted that exactly in these years confirmation was strongly combated by the Party and the Hitler Jugend, and the so-called "pledge of Youth" took place every Easter already then as a sort of political substitute - in the National Socialist sense - for confirmation. The Christian community accepted this recognition by the Reichmarshal’s wife with thankful satisfaction. 8. I should not like to pass over without mentioning that she once told me in the course of a private conversation that she wished above all a church consecration of her marriage and the Christian baptism of her daughter. Herman Goerins himself had an answer given to me through his chief adju lant relative to a petition on behalf of th. introduction of an official spiritual service especially for the Luftwaffe, that he could not at the moment do anything because Adolf Hitler had not yet madeH0668 -0050 -46- a final decision concerning the religious question. However, he wished full freedom of religion in the Luftwaffe, including the Christian v denominations, and every member of the Luftwaffe could choose for himself whichever chaplain or civilian pastor he desired. Durins the whole transactions which I had to carry on officially and in a spiritual capacity with the Goering family and the Ministry of the Reichsi arshal, inis terialrat Dr. Leonhard Bottler of the ministry office constantly rendered great service in behalf of the Christian faith, insofar as he at all times, within the sphere of his capacities, handled the messages and letters and personally helped so energetically as to risk his position. Thereby he never hesitated to commit himself publicly to his evangelic Christianity, To avoid misunderstandings I inform you that I had nothing to do with the former German-Christian Reich Bishop Nueller, vho played a passing role in the Goering household during the first years of the Third Reich. I emphasize expressly that I make my above statements even though I was 6 exiled from Danzig in 1937 as a result of my taking part in a religious service of intercession on behalf of Pastor Niemoeller and through ny activity for the Evangelic Youn, Nen’s Association (German designation . of Wa). I make this declaration alone for the sake of veracity and out of a feeling of spiritual responsibility, Albano Terme, 25 June 1945 Signed: Werner Jentsch. I hereby certify that the above reproduced document is a true copy of the letter of Lic.Thol. Werner Jentsch to the Secretary General of the IPT, ' Nuernberg, 25 February 1916 signed: Dr. Stanmer (Dr. Otto Stanmer) Attorney and notary public.0 47 H0668-0051 Exhibit Goering Nr. 18 From the radio speech of Hermann Goering: "Der TZampf gegen die Vivisektion"- "The Fight against the Vivisection"- on 28 August, 1333 (Quoted from Hermann Goering: "Reden und Aufsaetze"- ’’Speeches and Articles"- Munich 1938, pp. 82, 83 (Excerpts from this book have already been submitted by the prosecution under Nor. PS 3441 and PS 3460).1-0052 Exibit Goering No 18 From the Radio Address "Fight against Vivisection 11 on 28 August ,1733 Page 82/83 That only very few scientists and here again mostly those of a people alien to us, have had their feelings, 6 Tulle1 or entirely lacking is proved by examples of scientific literature of past ties, in which, without any trace of human compassion, tortures of the worst kind without h4 anaestetics through operations without anaestk--s, through burning, freezing, starvation., and similar acts are described. (From: Hermann Goering "Speeches and Essays", Munich 1938) I hereby certify that the above-reproduced document is a true copy from the radio address "Fight against Vivisection" of 28 August,1933 (quoted from Hermann Goering; "Speeches and Essays", Munich 1938, Page 82/83) Nuernberg, 25 February, 1946 signed: Dr. Stahmer (Dr. Otto Stahmer) Attorney-at-law and Notary Public -48-HO688-0053 Exhibit Goering No 19 Goering’s speech before the Gaulei ter in Berlin in November or December 1938 (reported by Gauleiter Uiberreither) 49H0668-0054 50 Exhibit Goering No. 19 Goering* s Speech to the Gauleiters in Berlin a few weeks after 9 November 1938 H. G. called the Gauleiters a few weeks after 9 November, 1938 to Berlin and in a temperamental manner strongly condemned the occurrences a) because of the occurrences in themselves b) because of their effect upon the world public. The Reich had other possibilities of reacting to the kind of attack the murder of the ambassador represents. Wild individual actions should never be allowed. Whet has happened - did not correspond to the dignity of the Reich. He granted that, with few except ions, the Gauleiters did not perti- part cipste and to a large were not in their districts during the period in ques tion, but he pointed out expressly .1 • that it was the duty of the Gauleiters to use their whole influence so that similar occurrences would not be re peated. Signed: Uiberreither I hereby certify, that the above-reproduced document is a true copy of a letter which the former Gauleiter Uiberreither has addressed to me on 21 February 1946. Nuernberg, 22 February 1946 Sigped: Dr. Stahmer (Dr. Ctto Stahmer) Attorney -at-LOV and Notary Public.Exhibit Goering No 20 — Reich Marshall Hermann Goering’s speech in the summer of 1938 before the Gauleiter in Karinhall (reported by former Gauleiter Uiberreither 51I-0056 52 Exhibit Goering No. 20 Speech of Reich Marshell H. Goering in Summer 1938 -—II ■!> I I I I II ■II I. H ■, . - ■»! - , , , । , ^ to the Gnulcit ,rs (district larders) in Krrinhr.il Basis for Four-Yecr: Plan presented particularly for the benefit of the 7 new Gauleiters of Austria. Necessities for armament result from the reintroduction of compulsory military service and the increase in the number of soldiers connected with it. Boundless propaganda abroad, in the East and in the West, against the Reich, is forcing Germany to become stronger and to aspire to its independence from foreign countries. The stron- , . the ger the Reich is economically and militorilly smaller the danger that it will be atte.ckked. For must bo prov.nted by oil moons. The present generation is still suffering from e lost world wer. "The stert of a wor would cause a shook cmon6 the Cermen people". The wrr generetion, which wee young during the world wer of 1914-18 has become old in the meantime. Longhty, detailed explenrtions why older people cling more to life thru young people. The speoker expressed his doubts that even e wrr ngrinet Frenco could be ended successfully on cur part, apart from the foot that - due to the senere1 propaganda ceeInst Gereny, orolly cna in print, - tho circle of the enemies would be rathef close. Goering repeatedly expressed hl. ocrviction that it wa. In the intorosof Gormeny end Earopo thet tho Enslch empire remain in axistctloc. E. hopod that it would be possible to ..cure for the German people without war the position in Europe due it, and he pointed out that we will have to pursue a policy which under no circumstcncos must lecd to wer. ThopouryacrepienH0668-0057 53 would require much work end ceprivations, howsver.lt would bring the results - without wor - thrt Germany would qgain bo footer in the Europoen policy. signed: Uiberroither 1 heretit certify th - c.bove reproduced documents is e true copy of c letter which the former Gauleiter UAberrssther nee cdarogscd to me on 21 February. 1946 Nuernberg, 22 Februnry 1946 signed: Ir. Stehmer (Lr. Otto St ahmer) Attorney end Totory Fublic.54 H0668-0058 Exhibit Goering No 21 From Generl Fieldmarshall Goering’s telephone conversation with Ambassador von Ribbentrop London - Berlin on 13 l iar ch 1938 This document was already submitted by the prosecution under No. 2949-PS, la y/HO668-0059 Exhibit Goering No 21 Field Marshal Goering with Reich Foreign Minister v, Ribbentrop H March, 38 London 9:15 - 9:55 (telephone conversation) Now I want to say sne thing; if it is said here that we have overpowered the independence of the Austrian people under pressure, it could only be said that one thing was put under pressurd, but not from our gido, and shat is the infinitely small government. The Austrian people is only novr free. I would simply suggest to Halifax or to a few really important people whom he trusts, that he just send them over here so they can look the situation over. They should travel through the country,then they can see everything. Which state in the whole world will be harmed by our union? Are we taking something from any state? If the states say: yes, against our interests: what interests did the states havo? Phen they could nnly have had the-interest t make Austria an enemy of Germany. In all of Austria there is not 0.1% minority. All people are German, all people speche German. Thus there is not ft single state involved. And .the states which might be the only ones to be interoste , you nay say, Italy and Yugoslavia and Hungary, as they have a GermppulEt‘ohhof.kevernI hundredthousagiand who eventually might say, well through that we feel ... etc., lo not consider themselves endangered. that the German troops on their march through Austria always have to stay 15 to 20 km from the borier and that north of the Danube in the whole space there is only oneissolved battalion lurching, so that these villages also may enjoy the jubilation and the joy. After all, today the marching no longer proceeds accor ing to military principles, but on all highways smaller columns are .marching because every village wants to see a German soldier. - 55 -H0668-0060 56 Ech, Goering Nr.21 continued We too realize nov that a narchingin is no longer nocossary. Tho wholc matber takes place nov as such a matter must take placc it: is novr only a jubilation narch; if you want to call it go , as soon as it is ovor, the vhich must be to-norrow or day after to-morrow, the withdranral of the troops Til start. And then,- as the Austrian Govommont has informed us - they would hold free and secret clcctione according to all deno- eratic principlos, where cver Austrian will be able to cast : a re— ally free vote. For this they intend to ask for pooplo fro: abroad so that they could not be blancd afterrards of having falsified the results • as Schuschniga had done - and so they can see that this election is re ally secret. After all, it is also in our interest because we are solonnLy convinced that V '.•'ill get an ovortholning najority. Therefore, it is also in our interest that tho election be held absolutely correctly. Only after the election has takun place will rib sco what the people havo decided and what will happen. You must not let any doubt open in one respect: To respect in every sense Austria's decision. And if it de cides on union, of vhich we can have no doubt, no povror in the world ■.■.■ill succeed in dcviding us again. It is possible that a vorld alliance of all states ill conquer crony, but it is i .possible that vro will allow then to separate us again, once Austria has decided to merge vith Gurany,Exh. Goering Ir. 21 I certify horovrith that the above reproduced document is a true copy of the telephone conversation bcturcon Fioldmershal Goering and the Ambassador von Ribbentrop London - Gorlin on arch, 13th 1938* lu.rnborg, February 23, 1946. (Dr. Otto Stchmor Attorney and Notary publicExhibit Goering No 22 1-0062 Questiomeire of Hrnann Goering’s Defense Counsel to tne Earl of Halifax dated 1 February, 1946 58-59- H0668-00 63 Ansrors to tho questionnaire vhich the counsel for the defendant Her ann Gosring submitted in the prosunt logel proccodincs before tho International . ilitary Tribunal at lucrnbor3; of the Risht Honourable Earl of Halifax, His lnjcsty’s ambassador in Washin- ton, D.C. 1) inNovoibor 1937, did you and Ambassador Henderson visit the defendant Gooring in Herinhall and w-r. you his g.ucst there? A. Yos. 2) At this occasion did a conversation take place concerning the political situation ? . IoS. J 3) At this conversation did Gocring tell you: ny Gcrnan government would consider the folloving questions: a) the Anschluss of Austria and the Sudctonlond to Germany, b) the return of Danzi to Gorany writh a ronsonablc solution of the Corridor question, as an integral part of its policy ? A. Yes, A) Did you reply to that: but I trust, vithout a wrar ? A. I said that His injostyls govcrnent desires the peaceful solution of the questions pertaining to Gornany and its ncighbors. Otherwise I did not discuss thoso questions. 5) Has Goring replied to that: . That dcpcnds very much on Britain. En land could contribute much to th. peaceful solution of this question. Gocrin do.. s not want a rer on account of that matter out these questions . ust be solved under all circumstances. 2 J[c 3 6) Did the Sredish civ, Engineer Dirger Dohlurus of Stockholm re- poatodly visit you in iugust 1935 in agr--- nt vrith the defendant Goering ? A. Yes. 7) Did you lnovr that by that Goering wrantod to establish a direct contact with you and the Prine inistor, respectively, evading th-rcby the German foreign flics ? A. I have no such mngrlodgo outsico of tho fact that Dahlcrus said so,I-0064 8) Did you kncvr that this direct contact with you vas to be arranged to bring about a peaceful solution of the Pclish-German crisis? A. I have no such knowledge, outside of the fact that D hlerus said so. 9) Did you know that Goering wanted to use his influence with Hitler for such a peaceful solution? A. I have no such knowledge, cut side of the fact that Dehlerus said so. 10) Did Dahlerus at that time (iugust 1939) appear ncre frequently at your cr your asscciatcsplacc? A. Yes. 11) ih t was the content of the discussion you and/or your associates had with Dahlerus? A. The discussions concerned themselves with the grave threat aginst Eurcpean peace resulting frem the German demands on Fcland. 12) Tht were the proposals you transmitted to Goering through Dahlerus? A. The opinions of His Majesty’s gcverrnent concerning the situation arising from the German demands on Poland were stated in terms similar to those sent by Hislinjesty's government c Hitl r, and which were later made pub.ic by His Majesty’s government. 13) ere there written records made of the discussions with Dahlerus and of the prcpcscls sent to Goering? A. Ncrmally, snort reports are made of all discussions with the Secrtary of State or with the members of the Staff of the Foreign Cfficc. Ne other report or any special reports were made of the discussions with Dahlerus. 14) There are these reports? •• 11 reports as stated in the first sentence of the answer to question 13 are kept in the archives of the Foreign Cffice. 15) Did you get the impression that Goering’s efforts to prevent a war were sincere? ... I have nc d.ubt that Goering would have preferred it, if he could have done it. 16) Did your Ambassador Henderson tell you that Goering, - after the offi cial discussion between Henderson and Ribbentrcp in August 1939, at Which Ribbentrep had only read the German demands on Poland to the Am- bass der Hendensc n, out had not handed them to him, — invited hin andH0668-0065 disclosed to him, the mbassadcr Henderson,in private the contents of the memc randum which had been read, as Goering was n:t sure whether Henderson c cmprehended the terms read to him by Ribbentrop? A. Yes, 17) Did Henderson tell you or did you find out by any other means that Geering pointed out at this occasion that he was not entitled to make such a ccmmunicaticn and vas do ing it on his cvn responsibility in order to endeavour still to help relieve the strained rel ticns? A. Sir Nevile Henderson did not tell me that. I have no knowledge of it, 18) Did not the Ambassadcr Henderson tell you in general that Geering was making an effort to avert the outbreak of a war? A. No. 19) "as it reported to you that Goering always, at every opportunity spoke up for a German-English understanding? A. Nc. 20) Wculd you not rather appear before the International 7 ilitary Tribunal to t estif y as a witness in preference to answering these questions in writing? sign. Halifax I, Hubert Ncrmn Fuller, His iajesty’s Consul in ashing ton, certify herewith that the signature Halifax, is the sig neture of the Dari of Halifax, his lnjesty’s embassa- dor in ashingtcn, D,C. Submitted on the 1st day of Feb. 1946 t His l ajestyl s Consul te ashington, D,C, sign. H.IN, Puller H.B.l. Consul Stamp: British Consulate ashington, Feb. 1. 1946 Certified in the Foreign CLlice to acknowledge the above signature H.N. Puller Stamp: Foreign office, London sig. David Scott For the Minister of Foreign 14« Feb. 1946 • ffairs. To verify correctness of translation from the English original erner Brcss, ssist ant Judg e. I certify herewith that the above reproduce.’ document is a correct trans lation of the questionnaire. (signed) Dr. Ctto St Aimer Nuremberg, tterney-tLe.w and Notarv public. 23 Feb., 1946.Exhibit Goering N 23 From the book by Sir Nevile Henderson "Failere of a lTission’ L A n d 9 n 1940 (pp. 70, 83, 275 and 274).. 62 1-0066H0668-0067 63 F, 70. In ccmpariscn he (Geering) suffered little from the p rscnal sen sibility that so often mctivated Hitler and Zibbentrep, and. until the last I vas inclined to beliwe in the sincerity of his personal desire for peace and fcr a good relationship with England. P. 83. I should like to give expression here to my belief thet the Field- marshall, had it been up to him, wculd not have gambled at the price cf war, as did Hitler in 1939. -ls will be mentioned later, he stood decidedly on the side of peace in September 1938. They say, he has lost much of Hitler’s fv- -or on account of that, and it is possible that he wculd have played the same part in 1939, wer it not for his attempts in 1938. The first time it was an experience, but the second time it might have been considered a failure by the Fuehrer, ond unfcrtunatly, it was a part of the Greek tragedy, that Goering had 1938 behind him, and which he could not repeat. He was the perfect servant of his master, and I have not seen any greater faithfulness and devotion than . was his to Hitler. Admittedly, he was the second man in the c-untry, ond he alvays gave me to understand that he was the natural successor to Hitler, as Fuehrer. Nen in secondary places are often inclined to emphasize their own importance. In oil the frank discussions that I had with Goering, he never spoke of himself or of the ront part he played in the Nazi revolution: Everything had been done by Hitler,all the confidence he had,was confidence in Hitler, every decision was Hitler’s, nd he, himself, was nothing, Considering the fact th t the enumeration of the positions Goering filled in theH0668-0088 Eh. Goering Nr.23 five minutos tinc, this self renunciation before his Tuchrer was the morc ri. ar ronarlablo, particularly, since Hitler would have never gotten whoro he was vithout Goering. Hitler’s brain night have conceived the i: possible, but it was Goering who carried it out. mo building up of the German airforce in ibsolf VIOS a surprising success, and one of which Goering nst likely, and rightly so, was proudest. No attor how conceited he night have been in lit tle things, and as much as he lov.d porp, uniforms, medals, jewels and pain- bings and the acclain of his copanions, — he did not brag about the big things which he had accomplished, P.273 I sa.. the Polish a. bassc..or at 2 a.m. (on August 31, 1939) and gave hin an ojectiv, noCoratc report of my conforonco with Ribbentrop, I nentioncd the cession of Danzig and the plebiscite in the Corridor, as the two mai points of tho Gorcn proposals, observed tho.t on the ■'..'hole, so for as I could see, ihcJ wore nob as & tholo too unreasonable , and suggested to hi:. to advise his government i mediately to propose c. meeting between Ticldnarshall nydz-Sigly and Gocrin , 1 i lb obliatcd to add tho.t I could hardly be- lic vo in tho success of nogo tintions if they vrero to be held vritl. Ribbnn- Lo.j, -lthough Lipski undortoolc to proposo this to his government, at that time it would have been too late anra-. P.27L. Du ing the entire ay there was much activity on the port of Gocrin . I believe that Goering hinsoli would have preferred a peaceful solution, however, in such matters only Hitler’s1-0069 decision counted, and, whatever Goering felt, he was only the faithful and devoted servant of his master. Also, a year ago, he was decidedly for the peace, as already mentioned before, ane it might have been hard for hin to steer this course a second time. He invited me,nevertheless, to see him that afternoon; this I did at $ o’clock escorted b; Sir Ogilvie Forbes. Since I heard that the text of the proposals which Ribbentrop did not want to give me, was to be read on a broadcast; my first remark was to make it clear to the fieldmarshall that this action will surely and finally lead the last chance for peace, to failure and to do his utmost to prevent the broadcast. Goering replied that he could not intervene and that the German government felt itself obligated to announce its proposals to the world by radio, to prove its "good faith". Instead, he spoke about two hours on the unfairness of the Poles and of Hitler’s and his won desire for friendship with England, and of the advantage that the world in general, and England in particular, could gain from such friendship. It was a nesting that 1aad nowhere, and I had the feeling that these remarks, that from his point of view were quite natural, but which I had already heard so often, were mainly made for the edification of the audience. I deduced the worst from the fact that he was abla to sive so much of his time to me at a moment like this. Several days previously he had been appointed President of the new Reichs-Defense-Counakl (or Tar-Cabinct) and could have hardly afforded to spend so much time in conversation, had he not been of the opinion that everything, down to the last detail,was ready for the commitment.0070 - 66 - Exh. Goering Nr. 23 Incidentally , the co position of this council proved Hitler’s craftiness. Ho selected the most distinguished of the Nazi leaders, like Dr. 'rick, Dr. Lamcrs, Dr. Funk, on vhom he could count, besides Fieldarshal Goering, the most popular of then all with the publio, in' .order, to vin " the confidence of the Goman population. in this he passed over the worst extrem- ists and the most unpopular ones. To the latter was assigned the less envi- ablo task to handle the neutrals, to organize the interior and to oppre ss ruthlessly discontent in the interior. Indeed, myr total iprossion of this last meeting vrith Goering was that it has boon a last but fruitless endeavor *o separate Great Britain ror the roles. Nevertheless, the Bicldarshal socicd serious, as he returned fron a a all to the phone to infora us that lr. Lipski vas on his way to visit Ribbentrop. Ho sccmod relieved and hopeful that in spite of everything the war could be averted, provided that a contact could still be established. I certify horcvrith that the docuacnt reproduced above is a true excerpt taken fron the book by Sir Revile Bondereon "Failure of a ission"London, 1910. Nucrnborg, 25 February ,1916. (sign.) Dr. Stahnor (Dr. Otto Stahner) Attorney and lotary .PublicH0668-0071 Exhibit Goering No 24 Eron the note of the German Foreign Office to the Government of the USSR dated 21 lune, 194 (Quoted from "Dokunente deutscher Politik®- "Documents of German policy*’-. volume 8. part I, Berlin 1943, pp. 402-407) 67H06S8-0072 - 68 - Exh. Gocring r. 2. Excerpt fro. the Note of the Gcrnan Forcign Office . -— --------- ------------------ — - ----- ————— --------------- to the C-ovorn.--.cnt of the USSE, dr.t^d June 21, 1/hl. in reality, hov^vor, as was shovm in the course of events, the Soviot- uniontsspolicy at that timc was directed to one goal exclusively, nenoly to insert Moscow’gnilitary ' : potrer into the space between the Arctic - Ocean and the Hack Sea ever yher e, where it socnd possible to her to push forrerd toward the dost and o carry its bolshcvisction further into Europe. The development of this polijcy is markod by the follorins stages 1. The development started with the signing of the so-called assistance pact with Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania in October and lovurbor 1939 (Scptonber 28, October t and 10,1939) and with the building of bases in these countries. 2. The next Sovietrussian step vra.s directed towards Finland. .hen the Sovict-Russian demands, the acccptancc of which would have eliminated the free Finnish state, had been rejected by the Finnish covornnent, the Soviet Government caused the formation of the Communistic pcudogoverncnt of Kuusinen, and when the Finnish people refused any contact with this govern tent, the ultimatum to Finland (26 lov. ,1939) and at the end of 1Tov,1939 the invasion by the Red irv followed. In the Finnish—Russian pcacepact of larch ( arch 12, 1910) Finland had to cede a part of its southrostern pro vine os,which- irmodiatoly b.cano subject to Jolshovise, 3. A few months later, that is in July 1910, the Sovietunion acted against the Baltic states. Lithuania, after the first oscow treaty (23 Lugust , 1939X had belonged to the German sphere of interest.H0668-0073 - 69 - In the second agrecent (of 28 Sopteiber 1939) the Reich Government renounced its interests in the major part of this country, if only re luctantly to coply vith the vi: hos of the Sovict-Union, for the sake of the dear peace in favor of the Soviet—Union, whilc a small portion of the country still remained tithin the sphere of German interests. Following an ultimatun of 15 Ju e all of Lithuania, i.e. also that part of Lithuania that renaincd in the sphere of Goran interests was occu- picd by the Soviet-Union without in any way informing the Rcich Govern ment, so that the USSR now directly approached the entire border of East- Prussia. Later, vhen Gcrany was approached on this subject and after difficult negotiations, the Reich Government also ceded this part of Lithuania to the Sovict-Union i. order to take an thor stop tovards a friendly s olution. N short time later (on 17 June 19L0) and in the sanc manner, Latvia and Esthonia woro also nilitarily occupied in violation of mutual assistance pacts concluded with these countries. Conrary to specific assurances by oscovr all the Boltic countries voro now sovietized and a fovr wrecks aft.r the occupation (on 3,5 and 6 August 1910 by decisions of the Surprozo Soviets) wro simply annexed by the Soviet Government. Sil .‘.ulto.no ously with the annexaction the first povrorul mas formations of the Red Army took place in the entire northern sector of the Soviet- Russian position of power against Europe, it may be mentioned here,in passing,that the economic agreements between Gcrany and those countries vhicho re not to be affected by the loscov: a rccunts, vrero unilaterally cancelled by the Soviet Government.1-0074 - 70 - 4. * The agreements cf Mcsccw demarcsting the interests in the fcrmer PcJ.: n territory cl rly st ted th-t no pclitica agit aticn Wi st; take place beycnd the demerc eticn cf interests but that the activity of b:th authcrities cf cccupaticn was to be confined exclusively t; the peaceful de velopment cf these territories. The Rcich Government has irrefutable proof a"i .. after the occupation of this terrivvy thtin spite cf these agreements, the Soviet-Union did not only tolerate ininical agitation against Germany, . '••• : ..in ‘ the Government General of Pol .nd but supported it concurrently with a bolshevistic prepa in the Gouvernement. ganda. Strong Russingarriscns were also placed in these territories im odiately following the cccupaticn. 5. While the Germ n army was still fighting in the Test aginst France and mgland, the Soviet Union moved against the Balkans. The Soviet Govern ment had declared at the Hcsccw conference that it would never make advances of its own towards a scluti:n cf the questisn of Bessarabia and on 24 June 1940 the Reich Government received a ccmmunic ti:n from the Soviet Govern ment that it was now determined to solve the question of Boss .e bi a by force it was informed sinultenecusly th t the Soviet claim also extended to Bukcwina, . territory formerly crownland of ustria th t had never belonged to Russix and thab was never mentioned at the time of the Moscow conferences The German ambassador in li:scc (Graf von der Schulenburg) explaind to the Soviet Government th at 1t.s decision c me as a surprise to the Reich Govern ment nd that it would resultin strong injury to German economic interest in ROm nia and in the isturbance of the ives of the numerous German settlers there -as well s of those in Bakcwina.H0668-0075 - 71 - Hewever, mr, Hel-tev replied that the matter was very urgent and that the Sevict Unien expected t: be infermed within 24 hrs. cf the attitude of the Reich Givornront t. this quest. :n. In spite f this brusque pr: cedum against Romania, the Reich G:vernnent interceded gain in fnver of the So vic t -Union in order to maintain peace and to preserve her frienship, it counseled the Rumanian Gevornenent that had asked for the assist nce of Germany to accede and reccm- mended the cession of Bessarabia and Northern Bukewina to the Soviet-Union. Aleng with the nser f consent of the Rumanian Government (of 27 June 191c) Germany submitted to the Soviet Government the plea of the Rumanian Government to be gr mted sufficient time to ev cuzte these extensive territories and to guarantee the lives and possession of their inhabitants. However,the Soviet-Union presented another utim tum to Rumania ( n27 June 1940) and, prior to its ex cti-n began n 28 June to occupy parts of Bukewina and subsequently 11 of Bessarabia as f r as the Danube. These territories were also annexed inanediatly by the Soviet Union (by decree f the Supreme Soviets of 2 ugust 1940) and were sovietised end thereby actually ruined. By the occupation and s:viuti ing f the entire sphere _f interests ceded by the German Government to the USSR in Eastern Europe and the Balkans, the Soviet Government has clorly and unoquivocally violated the Moscow gr emonts. Yet the Gn Government still adopted a more chan 1-al attitude towards the USSR. It restrained itself completely in the war with Finland (compare the Garmn c-m uni- ou ... 7 D-e nbez 1939; Document vol. 7, p-o 173, 7. nn. I ) nd in tho Baltib question; in the Bosenrbian questicn.it supported the attitude of the Soviet G.vc mnment t:waris the Rounani -n Govern nt-72- - H0668-0076 1-. 72 and bore rith the situations created by the Soviet Govornent even though it vras hard to do so. But beyond that and in order to avoid all possible divergences between the two countries in advance, it undertook a large scale action of roscttlcmont (conparc Document vol. 7, doc, 125 and pages 624 - 639) by which it roturncd all Goraan nctio nels rom the territories occupied by tic USSR to Germany. The Reich Govern lent is of the opinion that butte, proof for its wishes to achieve a lasting peace tith the USSR could hardly be offered. N (Doc. D. Fol. Vol. 8, part I, Berlin 1913, pp.1o2-L05) Thc ollovring domends ; r. adu by r. olotov in Borlin and during the subsequent diplomatic discussions with the Goran ambassador in oscow: 1.) It is the desire of the Soviet-Union to give a guarantee to Bul aria an in addition to conclude a pact of utual assistance trith that countr, sinilor to thc pacts concluded with the Baltic States i.u. including .military base. • while r. olotov declared that thc intornal regime of Bulgeria weald nut be affected. 2.) The Soviet Union an c_rcomenb with Turkey for the purpose of crcabin a base for tho lend- and scc-orcos of the USSR on the Bosporus and the Dardanelles has f on a long-torm lease. In c se Turlcy should not acceed to tlis, then Gor ny and Italy w re to join in the Russian diplomatic mcasuros or nforccmnt £ this dc .and.H0668-0077 -753- 43 3.) The Soviet Union declares that it again feel: itself threatened by Finland and therefore demands complete abandonment of Finlend by Ger- muiny. It is understood that Germany could not accept these Hussion domand5 hich wer- designated a a preru uisit by the Soviet Government for joining in the ThrecPower-Part . (Doc. D. Pol. Vol. 8, part I, Berlin 1943, pege 407.) I certify that the above ruprodncud docum.nt is a co y tsken from the note of the German Foreign Office to the Government of the USSR. ’of 6.6.1941. (Cited, according to doc. D Pol. vol. 8, pert I, Berlin 1940, Dp. 4o2—407.) Nucrborg, 22 Fel ruary, 1916. signed 8 Dr. Stahmor (Dr. Otto Stahmer) Abt rncy at Law and Notary Public.Exhibit Goering No 25 Here is to add: Document 1743 PS. '(’’Green Folder” )T Document 1743 PS 74- 1 - H0668-0079 The Reichsmarscnall TRANSLATION OF DOCUMENT N0.1743PS OFFICE OF U.S. CHIEF CF COUNSEL of the Greater German Keich 1000 Copies 33 Top Secret Directives for Economic Policy (Green Portfolio) Pert I hissions and Organization of Economy Berlin, June 1941I - 2 - Economic-Policy Staff East H0668-0080 TRANSLATION OP BOCUi^iENT NO. 1743-PS (cont ; a) Top Secret. Note: Up until X day these orders will be treated as "top secret (top secret)", as of X day openly as "restricted". Directives for the Economic Policy in the Newly Occupied Eastern Territories ( Green Portfolio) Part I Missions and Organization of the Economy BERLIiT; June 1941 printed by the Supreme Command of the Armed Forces-3- H0668-0081 -F+ S-A-IOl. O. 0CU-IT 10.1743-PS cont 1 d table of cc: te?ts. Page Instruction .... The Economic Main Tasks 3 The Economic Organization e • Economic Policy Staff East ..... 5 Economic Staff East 5 Economic Inspections Economic Commands Group IV Economy with the Field Commends IV Economy (Liaison Officer Economic Armament Office) with the army headquarters with subordinat od units (Technical Sn, Investi gation Teams for the trade economy, investigation and salvage teams for agricultural products and machines, investigation teams for oro duction machines, salvage teams for means of Production) .... 8 The xecution of the ’conomic Single Tasks 9 Foodi conomy 9 mineral Oil Economy 10 Important Industrial Hants 10 Economic Transportation 12 ( Este blishment for the unloading and transfusing priority of the economic tr nsports, economic tr nsvortation plen, loading columns, motor pool) 12 Militery ecurity Tasks for the Economy ........ The supply of the troops through the country Food, clothing, requirements of billeting and utilization of supplies Gasoline and tires Hospital requirements, materials for roed and bridge construction 15 Mobilization of Lebor, Tse of the Local Population 16 (Meinteance of the agricultural- and important industrial plants, unemployed, payments of wages, community feeding, prisoners of war, use of the troops) ............. 16 Use of the local population, treatment of the leading industrial class, ........ 16 13 14 15 151-0082 6 T-l SLATION OF TOCUMEIT N0.1743-S cont 1 d.) War Trophies, ork for Payment, Armed Forces Trophies, Confiscation . 19 property of the armed forces of the enemy Property of the State - Payment . . . , • * 5 Cashing in of the receipts 19 Booty of the armed forces 20 etachments for confiscation . 20 Confiscation agencies 21 Armament conomic Tasks -ew atorials, Disposition of Goods ■ 21 23 Guiding of production 23 Guiding of consumption 23 Exchange and Credit System A Miscellaneous ' ,, ••••••♦ ••• ‘E Securing of the gold reserves and foreign exchange, Control over the federal benks and oth r exchange ostblishments 24 eich credit banks and lwcich Credit banknotes 24 ) Emergency currency 25 Toreign Goods and Currency Exchange 25 Price Control , ’ Prohibition of price -nd wege increases I Price for egriculturel products Distribution for Bart I of the "Green ortfoliol Sketch of the Chain of Command . 26 26 .27 28TRANSLATION CF DOCUMENT NO, 1743-PS (CONT’D) -5 Preliminary Remarks, ( Pape 3 of ori-.) The "Green Portfolio", part 1, serves the troop command and the economic agencies for orientation about the economic missions in the new territories to be occupied in the East. It contains directives about the supply of the troops from the land and gives directives to the troops for the support of the economy. The orders and directives, contained in the "Green Portfolio" cor respond to the military orders, issued by the Supreme Command of the Armed Forces (OKW) and by the branches of the Armed Forces. The Main Economic Tasks. The explanations below are first contemplated as orientation for the period of operations. However they contain at the same time the directives, which serve as the first basis for the entire time of the occupation. The economic orders, necessary in the further course of the occupation, will be issued, as soon as the big political goals will be made known which will be determined in the connection with the necessary improvement of the German war economy. 1. According to the orders issued by the Fuehrer, all measures are to be taken which are necessary in order to bring about the immediate and highest poss ible exploitation of the occupied territories. On the other hand, all measures arc to be refrained from and postponed which could endanger this goal. 11. The exploitation of the new territories to be occupied has to be executed primarily in the fields of the food and mineral oil economy. The main economic goal of the action is to gain as much food and mineral oil as possible for Germany. Besides that, other raw materials must be procured for the German war economy from the occupied territories in so far as this can be executed technically and is possible in view of the production which must be maintained out there. Whatever concerns the type and extent of the manufacturing production, to be retained in the occupied territor ies, to be restored or to be newly organized, is to be decided upon- 3 - TRAl'SLATION CF DOCUMENT NO. 1743-PS (cont’a) (CONT’D) primarily according to the demands which the exploitation of the agricul ture and mineral oil industry presents for the German war economy. Accordingly, clearly defined emphatic points result for the economic leadership of the occupied territories. This applies in regard to the main goals as well as to the individual and auxiliary missions, serving for the former’s execution. This results further that those missions, which cannot be united with the basis goals and/or would render their maintenance more difficult, must be disregarded even if the work on them could be ever so desirable. The contention, that the main thing is that the occupied territories must be brought back to order and reconstructed as soon as possible, is completely wrong. On the contrary, the treatment of the various parts of the country will have to be very different from each other. Only those areas, in which important food and mineral oil reserves can be exploited for us, will have to be advanced by us economic ally and primarily be brought back to order. In other parts of the country, which cannot feed themselves - such as large parts of Northern and Central Russia - the economic leadership must limit itself to the utilization of the available supplies. It will be reserved for later decisions, which armament factories will be retained or reconstructed.H0668-0085 7 - (page 4 of orig.) TRANSLATIOI_OFDOCUMEITN0. 1743-PS (CONTID) -II For the individual fields the following applies! a) Nutrition and Ferming: 1) In order to relieve Europe’s food situation and to unburden the traffic highways, the first assignment will as soon as possible provide the food for the German troops from the occupied territory exclusively. The entire requirement of oats for the Armed forces, in so far as it cannot be procured from other occupied territories will be covered from Central dussia, the main territory for the cultivation of oats. In South Russia we will strive to use barby and corn for fodder in place of oats. 2) In the collection of foodstuffs for domestic economy, special emphasis will be placed on oil bearing seeds and grain. The accumulate^ harvest surplus and the stock in the Southern territory will be secured with all means, the orderly course of the harvest labors will be supervised, the influx into the agricultural districts surplus areas of Middle and North Russia will be ruthlessly stopped, as long as no exceptions er made or are caused by the feeding of treops. b) For the industrial raw materials the greatest emphasis is placed on the mineral oils. Among the projects which do not serve the nutritional economy, the tasks which are related to the production and the shipment of mineral oil have priority under any circumstances. The continental Oil Co.Inc. will be established for the execution of the measures to be taken in the mineral oil field, especially in the CAUCASUS. Supplying the farming industry with motor fuel for tractors will be a special task. On it will depend the harvest and the fall results. Until its completion, the transport within the new territory will therefore have priority over shipments t~ Germany. c) The industries, which in the interests of Germany build the requisites for the functioning of the agricultural production carried out in the surplus territory, the production of mineral oil and the delivery ofH0668-0086 translation of pocuwt go. 1743-ps (COIT’D) raw materials, will be favored end set quickly into motion. It is to be decided later about the activation of industries for consumer goods for the supply of the Southern area especially. d) Special emphasis is to be placed on the following- for the transportation performances, which are for the German interest: 1) nighway construction in the Southern area, and the transit routes, 2) extension of the railroads, especially by creation of two track roads in the most important traffic areas. 3) improvements on canals and change-over installations in the inland waterways, especially in the North and South traffic. 4) Reconstruction of the port installations. For that the Armed Forces transportation authorities will instigate that which is necessary. As long as no military orders are given in this field, the construction work is to be kept within the framework of the directives. The recruiting of manual labor must not endanger the harvest and cultivation tasks. Workers are . to be taken from the city or from industrial workers. e) The following applies to the remaining industrial production: 1) The exploitation of the other industrial capacities including the armament industry will only then be used if the prevailing main missions are not retarded in any way.I-0087 TaallSLATlOll 01' DOCENT JO. 1743-PS (CONT’ D) (Page 5 2. Within the frame of this industrial assignment, the utilization of orig.) of the armament industry has priority. 3. In the agricultural surplus regions of North and Central-Russia, through the wandering off of workers to the country, an industrial decrease in production will be taken into the bargain. 4. Factories which at first have to remain at a standstill in territories showing agricultural surplus products, will be kept under maintenance. f) Those who become unemployed in the industrial towns, and do not emigrate to farms, are to be inducted immediately if possible, within an organization for the reconstruction and improvement of communications-lines important for the German War-economy, to be created for this purpose, or to deploy them in some other field, also serving German inerests. IV. To insure economic results in the German interest, the servies of leading men in the Economy-Commissaries ( Wirtschaftskommissariaten) in the Main Administrative Office and in other administrative offices, . as well as services of leaders in agricultural and industrial establishments ( but not political functionaries ) should be ma.de use of as much as possible. Their future role will be determined later on. The decisive factor at present is the leadership and functioning of'the management : apparatus led by as small a utilization of German manpower as possible. V. Regarding the size of the territory to be exploited, the insecurity of the known basic facts, and the inaccurate knowledge of the economic conditions after occupation, it is impossible to.issue directives,at this time, covering every detail. The action to be taken in individual instances depends mostly on further developments but especially on the results of military operations. In case of emergency the management posts snail be charged with issuing the necessary regulations and the proper reports thereof. * ■ ■ $ - 9 -1-0088 TRANSLATIONOE. DOCUENT. 1O •_1743-PS (CONT’D) The Economic Organization. * A. In General. For uniformity in leadership of tne Economic administration in the Zone of Operation and in the political admini st rational districts to be created later, the . Br2chsmarschall established the "Economic Policy Staff East" ("Wirtschaftsf uehrungsstab Ost") directly subordinate to him, and led - in his absence - by State Secretary Koerner. _10.H0668-0089 -11- TRANSLATION OF EXCERPTS OF DOCUMENT 1743-PS (cont.) Page 5 For the representation of the military interests, for the preparation and for the duration of the military operations, the Chief of the War Economy and Armament Office, General of the Infantry Thomas, has the authority which he exercises as a member of the Economy Policy Staff East (Wirtschaftsfuehrungsstab Ost). The directives of the Reich Marshal include all phases of the Economy including food and agriculture. They will be carried out by the subordinate economic agencies (see B). ) The orders of the ’’Wirtschaftsfuehrungsstab Ost” will " be transmitted by the Chief of the Wi Rue office to the advanced "lirtschaftsstab Ost” in the occupied territory which will be located during the operations in the i rnmedi ate vicinity of the OKH/Gen Qu. Page 6 B. Organization of the Economy in the zone of operations. 1. The subordinate economic agencies of the "Wirtschaf tstab Ost” are, as far as they are active in the zone of operation assigned to the Command agencies of the Army and militarily under their jurisdiction, namely: a) In the rear area of the army: P one each economic inspection team with the Comma nders of the army rear area, one each or several economic commands with the security divisions, . one group IV Wi each with the field administration head- quarters J b) In the Army zone: one each IV Wi (= B.O. Wi Rue Office) with the AOK’s (Army high commands) one each group IV Wi with the field administration head quarters which have advanced into the Army zone and which are under the jurisdiction of the AOK’s, also as necessary, economic commands militarily under the jurisdiction of the AOK’s advanced into the Army zone. Page 9 C. Organization of the Economy for the political administration districts. Regulation will follow later by the Reich Marshal.H0668-0090 TRANSLATION OF EXCERPTS OF DOCUMENT 1745 - PS (cont.) \ Execution of the Individual Economic Tasks. 1. Within the food economy, the procurement of grain and oleaginous plants is the foremost task. All measures for this will be taken with a long-range view (bringing in of the harvest, safe storage, preparation and cultivi- cation of the fields for autumn, making available man power and machines, seed, fertilizer, throttling of the consumption of the native population. As much use as possible is to be made of the establishment of simple community kitchens.) V z 'age 14 The Supplying of the Troops from ► the Land. As far as the troops have to be supplied from the land, attention is called to the followings 1. Food, clothing, housing needs and consumer goods. Page 15 , 2) The food, housing, consumer goods, and clothing found in the zone of combat and in the rear areas are in the first place at the disposal of IVa in order to satisfy the immediate needs of the troops, (see, however. No. 3) . , , 3) In order to facilitate the possibility of removal of food stocks at a later date, the supplies required for the immediate needs of the troops are, as far as possible, not to be taken from stocks which are in a generally favorable transport location or in a locatio favorable for shipment to Germany. (Along main railways and waterways, in harbors, especially Baltic harbors, in the border states, in the vicinity of the German borders.) 4) All food, housing, consumer goods and clothing stocks which are not taken over in the zone of combat and the army rear areas by IVa and its agencies for the immediate use of the troops will be put at the disposal of IV Wi, which thereby will be made responsible for care and transfer to the economic agencies next in line. 5) In the army rear area the economic agencies which are taking over the pr oliminary work done by IV Wi will exclusively be charged with finding, securing, and caring for the food, housing, consumer goods, and clothing stocks. Assignment to the troops will be made through the Wi agencies to the native food supply agencies, which will determine the requirements of the troops of all Wehrmacht units and report them to the competent local economic agencies. These will regulate the covering of demands. II.Fuel and tires. a) The troops vill resort to the stocks found by them. -12-—13- 1-0091 TRANSLATION OF EXCERPTS OF DOCUMENT 1743 - PS (cont.) g Only in an emergency can the following be used: a) stocks of the gas, water, electricity, and mine facilities b) gasoline and lubricants for farms and vital industries c) stocks in the motor tractor stations. War Booty.. Services for Pay, Wehrmacht B ot, Prizos. 1. General. -1) Although according to the Hague Rules on Land Warfair (Hanger Landcriegsordnung) the entire movable property of the enery state can be taken away as war booty without compensation, for the time being only the movable property of the enemy armed forces shall be treated as war booty. Other movable propert of the state may be used by the troops in case of need , but it is to be treated as private property and to be paid for when claimed or requisitioned. 2) The payment is to be made for values up to 1000 RM it; Roich treasury notes (Reichskassenscheine), for amounts exceeding 1000 RM by issuance of receipts. Receipts may be issued by any agency in the rank of battalion or higher, unless exceptions have to be madc duetto the battle situation or unless"further ins tractions are issued by the OKH (Army High C ommend ). 3) When taking over property for which there is no owner, a receipt will be given to the senior member of the community or a report will be made to the military administration headquarters (Feldkommandan- tur). 4) With the establishment of the military administratioi headquarters (Feldkommandanturon) and the native economic agencies, the letter will be charged, in connection with the military agencies, with procuring and making available the requirements of the troops from the Economy. In urgent cases the troops may still secure their immediate needs themselves. As far as possible, the competent local military administration headquarters will be notifies in such a case. Page 23 Raw Materials, Allocation of Goods. An exactly regulated control of the use of special merchandise a considered, as far as the now t are concerned, with the possible states. faction and goods by ies will not be cries to be occupied ption of the Baltic-14- 1-0092 Page 24 TRANSLATTON OF EXCERPIS OF DOCUMENT 1745 - PS (cont.) C) Allraw materials, processed and half-processed goods useful to us are to be withdrawn from the market. This will be initiated by the IV Wi’s and the economic agencies through suitable measures, such as simple appeals and orders, decrees for confiscation, or militarx guard or both. Page 25 Money and Credit System. ••••••••• 2) Gold reserves and foreign currency are to be secured, further action will be taken by the economic comma nd on instructions. 5) Reich Credit Banks (Reichskreditkassen) will be estab lished as soon as possible. They are personally and objectively under the jurisdiction of the Chief Administration of the Reich Credit Banks in Berlin. The Reich Credit Banks are charged with the regulation of the money and credit system. They w: 7.7 discharge their duties with Reich. Credit Bank nocs which will be issued in 50, 20, 5, 2, 1 and 0.50 P‘ denominations. The Reich. Credit Bank notes are legal tender along with the currency of the country. The ratc of exchange of the Reichsmark to the currency of the country will be fixed through decree by the authorities in charge. The Reich Credit Bank notes also serve to keep the economy of the occupied country in operation, as far as this is mpo’tant for us in the intea est of peace and order, af v2ll as to satisfy and balance the money re— quiroments of the German troops. The Cirst will be achieved by granting credit to industrial and other enterprises as well as to financial institutions or to state and district administrative organs, if the grantin of credit is in the German interest (cf No. 3). The financial institutions of the occupied countries are also to be induced to open accounts with the Reich Credit Banks. The army has boon ordered to pay its troops, after they cross the border, only with Reich Credit Bank notes or with the currency of the foreign country and to use German money only in the smallest denominations of 10, 5, 2 and 1 Rcichspf cunig if the foreign change is not available. The money in the hands of the soldiers at the time of the invasion, in the amount of more than 0.50 RM, has to be exchanged for cich Credit Bank notes at the nearest Reich Credit Bank by the finance office of the troops. 6) The Army has orders to see to it that the soldiers for their part pay in the occupied territory only with Reich... Credit Bank notes or with the currency of the foreign country at the established rate of exchange. A decree will "be issued in due time to the' effect that i the occupied territory, along with the currency of the foreign country, the Reichsmark in the form ofH0868-0093 —15- TRINSL/TIOITOF EC. T OF DOCU IT 1743-PS _ Reich Credit Banlke notes .ill also be ?. legal tender and what the rate of exchange will be. 7) The maintenance of the rate of exchange of the Reich Credit Bank notes is especially nportert.The vay they are accepted by the population is therefore carefully to be obs-rved. Should any difficulties arise of the kind that the population refuses to accept Reich Credit Bank notes • at all or only at another than the fized rate of exchange, this must if necessary be counteracted by puhishment. The 3conor.ic agencies will report about such incidents. For the maintenance of the rate of exchange it is also requisite in case of subscription to forced loans and also wnen selling mercliandise to the population to demand not only the currency of the foreign country but also to accept Reich Credit Bank notes at the rate of otchango established by us. 9) The Reich Credit Banks will work in closest co-operation with the Economic agencies. They have, notwithstanding the fact that they are under the jurisdiction of the chief administration of the Reich Credit Banls- to bring their measures into line vrith the intentions of the Econonic inspector with regard to the . oncy and Credit system. Page 25 Foreign Trade and zchange, 1) General. ith regard to ho question of Trade and Exchange betiron the occupied territories and third countries it must be taken into account, that all surplus goods are on principle intended for Goran consumption. No far as removal is impossiblo, the goods will be, for the time being, stacked and secured, and be hald read for lator ruovel. Thcrforotrado betneon cho occupied territories and third countries is, for the tine being, hnai cal ly imposciblo. Dirociives for carrying on trade at a later date, with third counci. ies in tno interest oi Germany, will be given as soon as the situation is clearer. Price Control. A decree or announccment of a most simple character ..-ill prohibit raising prices and other compensations (also wagos) and ...ake it a punishable offense. This is only a temporary solution. 1 change of prices . hich are subject to political conditions wi 11 have to be considered. For agricultural products, the following rates are fixed, which may not be exceed© in the occupied territories.0094 UILNoL.. 1OI Ox —--C-.LP. • fiCl DOU-Il I 1743--3 (conl. ) Te IV wi and the economic agencies will look after their puolication. 7ood pvrchases for the troops as well are to be mede at the established prices only. 1) field products, pi ices per low k3 ; vhe at HyC n IUU/3 u.OU1C I.€ . Barley OaS . Corn -ecs Lie U Buc.Wlle eU torates s ha M o t r a W 140 Rubel 120 i 145 " 110 11 120 " 100 " 16c " loa t 150 0 I 30 15 " 2) i? rose s s e d P ro d uc 11 - 9 2 1- Ce s 01 100 8 0j .i 1 € a t f 10 ur 65,3 Ly E flour • U- Ci L 200 Lv. bel 155 15 4uo " 3) - me. as (live ) ' A D P r.q. 1 o o H+ HH c • O • • D0 . • 0 • P+ 2 b <9 -2 )— <9 c3 o 03 . 4 • ; • v g, )00 label “ ) S0G t 250 ” 200 " 4) D a r , p c o a uc U s t, ! 4 — eh 5 o H ‘ m 0 H H ’ C • • 1 hubel 44 ti C_lIFIC-I O. lii—oL.l0L Li- LCL--5 OT DOCU-lI e0.1745-£. 1 -cl 46 ..6, -V-.u.l V. GU- Civ. ,3 210795, mid --LIL-liA VC. GUI-.L, Civ. j X-046272, lereb certily 2.0 we are thoroughly conversant with the 1_lish and Ge man Jansuage S and that the above is a true nd correct onunslation of excerpts OI Docunent wo. 1743-, LV_LL V . CU.LGL C iv .,3 21 0 7 S 5 VU. H_OFLLD • Civ. ,20-046272 _16_104 H0668-0095 Exhibit Goering No 26 From the note of the German Reich Cabinet to the French Covernment concerning the treutent of German prisoners of war in France dated 30 May 1940 (Quoted from: "Dokumente deutscher Politik"- "Documents on German Policy" volume 8, part I, Berlin 1945, pp. 171/173)H0668-0096 1o5 -105- Exhibit Goering No 26 Excerpt from the Note of the German Government to the French Government Concerning the treatment of German Prisoners of "ar in France, dated 30 May 1940. This treatment of wounded Geran soldiers does not represent indi vidual cases which could be traced to arbitrary actions and cruelt. on the part of the lower French ranks. The French policemen applying shackles to German officers have pointed out that this was being on the express instructions of their su-periors. In correspondence with the above,a secret order of the General staff (2nd Bureau) of the French 9th Army Nr, 180/2 of 13 April 1940, captured by German troops, proves that the pitiless treatment of captured wounded German soldiers of the hir forces and parachute troops is entirely in accordance with the intentions of the responsible higher headquarters of the French Army and that these had given corresponding orders to the French troops. For as a matter of principle, this secret order shows clearly that/such, wounded German soldiers were not to receive immediately medical treatment, but that primarily all possibilities were to be utilized to extort military information from them. (Doc. Gorman Pol. Vo. 8, part 1, Berlin 143, pp. 171/173) I certify that the above reproduced document is a true copy from the note of the German Government to the French Government concer ning the treatment of German prisoners of war dated 3o May 1940. (Quoted from Documents of German Politics, Vol. 7, Part 1, Berlin 1943, pp. 171/173). Nuernberg, 23 February 1946 signed: Dr. Stahmer (Dr, otto Stahmer)106 H0668-0097 1u Txhibit Goering No 27 Affidavit of Generaloberstabsrichter a.D. (Lt.General , JAGO, retired) Dr. Rudolf Lehnann dated 21 February 1946i H0668-0098 lo7 Exh. Goering ' r. 27 Affidavit of the former Lt. General Dr. Rudolf Lehmann JAGO, concerning Reich Marshal Goering in his capacity as Supreme Judge. 1. On several occasions I saw the Reich Narshal presiding over important court proceedings; atone trial I participated myself as a judge, at the others I was his counsel and listoned to the proceedings. I further know the R,!. from several occasions when reports were made to him as the senior officer of the Armed Forces in order to obtain his opinion on specific questions end from a fevr other cases which had been submitted to hin for clarification or decision. Finally I have regularly read the notes on the reports to the R.r. which were kept by his legal adviser, the Chief of the Legal Depart ment of the Air Forces. Accor dingly,! do not know the R.h. as Supreme Judge as well as his own legal advisor knows hi 1 - and in legal matters of the Air Forces only indirectly through the latter’s notes an’. descriptions - but yet well enough to permit myself to e- press ny opinion of him. II. I have the following opinion of hin: Originally the R.". took a negative attitude towarls lavyrs. He was evidently influenced by the Fuehrer, The more he occupied himself vrith legal matters of the Air Forces the more his attitude was change 1, To- war- s the enl of the war the R. . was one of the high commanders who like - to consult lavyers. He took special interest in the legal matters f the iir Forces and attache 1 great importance to them. -107--108- its . . He assigned tc logal departn.nt intricate cases fer investigation if he Was skeptical :f the reports of other offices. Even though he did occasionally curse the lawyers vigorously as ; Idler will d:, it did not change his ba sic attitude. The R.11. used to inf:rn nimself tacreughYen the matters in which I had to deal with him. He spent an unusual amount of time on those matters. The conference took a quiet and objective course even when cen- sidereble differences of opinion ’.'.rose with occasional temperamental out bursts. The R w uld hear all o’ jecti:ns. Evon if he approached a matter with a pre-conceived opinion, he wculd still drilling t* discuss it. He thought in a definitely objective sldiorly way; his common sense hel ped him greatly. Important decisions were made in earnest after thorough discuss! :ns.( as for that we hcard much harsh criticism about him; in his other duties he was often reproached with laziness and lack of serious ness. e have always t:ld ourselves that in our line of duties th se re- pro aches wern:t warranted, ) III. Concerning the administration of justice ithin th. air forces the R.r, reserved for himself many cases for his ov confirm- ticn of the sen tence including 11 death-sentences. In passing judgment on individual cases - inspite cf the harshneso the Fuehrer denanded of all Judges - he was still inclined to show cccasional leniency. In cases of treason and es pecially in moral crimes he showed rolentless severity. I kncvEm records that in severe cases of rape he would often quash a sentence because he considered a death sentence as mmdatory. It lid not matter whether the woman involved was from Gcrmeny or from thc occupied territories. I bcliev to remember at least one case in cho rec rds where he even changed the mnanner of cxocutien and-109- HQ668-0100 p.109 ordered that tho soldier bo hanged in the Russian village in which he had committod the rape. IV. TThon presiding at a trial the RI vras very lively but benevolent zalso in his roconmendations for ncrcy to the Fuehrer. V. In his ovm decisions the RII, no doubt, often actod intentionally con- trory to the thoughts and domands of the Fuehrer, especially in political natters vrhich he judged so luch more mildly- and in eases of transgression against inhabitants vhich he judge much moro harshly than the Fuehrer. VI. I have often discussed the personality of Rd vrith his 1c gal advisor, a very experienced, quiet and conscientious lavyor as vroll as with the Chief Military Prosecutor (Obcrro ichskriogscmralt) vrho vras distinguished by the scac qualities anl ves often wi.th hin. Vo trerc of one opinion about the R. . signed: Dr. Lchnann 21.2.1916. I certify herctith that tho aidavit is a true copy of the originel in 1y possession. lurbor , 22 February 1916. signed: Dr. Stalmor (Dr. Otto Stahmor)