The Führer on the flight to Essen, where he presented his good wishes to the leader of finance Gustav Krupp von Bohlen and Halbach on the occasion of his 70th birthday. Drive to Hügel Villa. 

The Führer presented the NSDAP the golden medal of honor to the honoree as a token of appreciation for his service to the people and the Reich. 

He was the first German awarded the German Military Service Cross of the first order and was also the first German business leader to receive the designation "Pioneer of Labor". 

And the corresponding decoration in gold. 

The Führer then toured the Krupp plant facilities. 

Reich Minister Ribbentrop accompanies Count Ciano and the Japanese Ambassador Kurusu into the reception hall of the new imperial law firm, where the contract was signed and sealed. Reich Minister Ribbentrop reports to the Führer. 

The Führer greets Count Ciano. 

And here the Japanese Ambassador. 

The Reich Minister Ribbentrop emphasized in his momentous statement that this triple axis pact constitutes a military alliance between three of the most powerful states on Earth. 

It is intended to bring about a just order, both in the European sphere and in East Asia. Most importantly, it should serve to bring peace to the world as soon as possible. 

The signing of the pact. 

After completing this state act, the Berliners gave an enthusiastic rallying call to the Führer. Arrival of the Bulgarian Prime Minister, the professor Dr. Filoff upon his arrival at Vienna’s airfield. To the left of the Minister of Foreign Affairs von Ribbentrop, the Bulgarian Prime Minister Dr. Filoff. 

On the right is the Italian Foreign Minister Count Ciano. 

In his speech, the Minister stated, among other things, that the work of all the peoples combined in the triple-axis pact already serves the final victory of those allied today. "We represent", the Minister of Foreign Affairs stated, "the strongest constellation of power ever on earth. 

The armies are ready to pounce, to attack England anywhere and to beat it wherever it appears. 

The political foundation on which freedom is won and its symbol, will ever be the the Triple Axis Pact." 

The Führer welcomes the representatives of the nations. Bulgaria’s accession to the Triple Axis Pact will be referred to throughout the world press as a new, major defeat of England and a new and great success for the peace policy of the Axis powers. 

Serbian border fortifications and bunkers designed to stop the troops from advancing from Steiermark to Croatia. 

They were overcome in short order. 

The railway to Marburg has been blown up by the Serbs in various places. 

Above the border. A shock troop forms the tip of the spear. 

Almost all bridges are destroyed. Motor vehicles and heavy infantry weapons cross over with raft bags. 

The Greek front. 

Artillery and stukas hammer the Metaxas line. 

A draftsman of the propaganda company in the middle of the fire. 

A new Stuka squadron roars past. 

Bunker after bunker is hit hard. 

The many fortifications that dominate the passways are systematically defeated. Thessaloniki is in German hands. 

Here, the Allied headquarters was located in the Great War. Now, this important port has been conquered by our troops in just four and a half days. In front of the Reich Chancellery in the early morning hours on the historic June 22nd. The House of Broadcasting. The broadcast of the Führer's proclamation is prepared via all German networks. 

The Reich Ministry of People's Education and Propaganda. 

Reich Minister Dr. Goebbels reads the Führer's proclamation. It reveals for the first time before the world, the conspiracy between London and Moscow against Germany. 

After months of silence, the Führer faces the possible consequences at the final hour with the words: "I have decided to put the fate and future of the German Reich back into the hands of our soldiers." Following the reading of the Führer's proclamation, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, von Ribbentrop, interrupted by applause, for the first time, made the contents of the German note known to the national and foreign press, and to the Soviet Union. 

From the North Cape to the Black Sea, the German Army now protects on land, at sea and in the air, Europe, side by side with the Finns and Romanians. 

Italy joins spontaneously. As does Slovakia. 

A frontage of 2,400 km, the greatest advance in history. 

The world’s best soldiers have stepped up to protect the culture against the Barbarians. 

The battle against the duplicitous allies of Britain begins. 

On the front in East Prussia. 

Sport with the border tree. 

[inaudible] The township is fiercely defended by Siberian snipers. The French head of government Marshal Pétain arrives and is greeted with military honors. 

On the platform of the French border Station, the Führer will meet the head of the Spanish government. The arrival of the special train. 

For the first time, the Führer and Caudillo meet here. The meeting was in the spirit of the cordial connection based on comraderie between the two nations. 

It addressed all the problems of future Europe. On December 11th, three days after the outbreak of war between Japan and the USA, the Führer addressed the German people in front of the Reichstag. The Italian and Japanese ambassadors. 

In a speech of global significance, the Führer first provided a review of the progress of the war against Bolshevism to date, recognizing the heroism of our soldiers, whose achievements, sacrifices and efforts our homeland could scarcely fully fathom. 

In the second part of his speech, the Führer presented an uncompromising account of the warmonger and hypocrite Franklin Roosevelt. 

Germany and Italy have now decided to lead the fight, side by side with Japan, to fight together to defend the freedom and independence of their peoples and empires against the United States of America and England. 